Yo, hey, what's up guys? Thank 64 video. And since I fought, I'm pretty close to 3K subs actually, which I'm really grateful about, by the way. Obviously. Um, yeah, has been a kind of an amazing journey to be honest. Uh, it's also so motivating, you know, seeing the numbers go up. But, uh, I thought I kind of give something back here. I make like a fury warrior, uh, bestin slot guide. The thing is, um, I did this for previous phases as well. This is a bit early, I know. Um, I don't think there's even a fight club 60 upgrade set up yet. I could be wrong about this. I haven't checked recently, but I'm pretty sure there's not. So, I thought I, you know, I did a bit of work here. I did some sims and such, and I came up with three different sets. We have one which is going to be the bis bis bassin sword setup. Um we have one setup which is going and then we have two setups which are just going to be the more realistic setup for like most people. Um because obviously especially this setup is B. This is just an oiler setup. Okay, let's be honest here. Like if you have I don't know 200k gold, if you have multiple gold cap and you enter like these hidden GKPS, obviously you can get everything from here. Um but otherwise it's impossible. Uh just let me be honest here. But yeah, that's that. Also, another thing before we start because recently also since my channel got a bit more attention nowadays and such, I'm getting some really insanely comments. And don't worry guys, you have been naughty. You know, you you're going to get you spot liked as well. Don't worry about it. I have prepared something. So, um yeah, that will be a separate video. I will not talk about this for a long really long time. But yeah, some people are just really really, you know, they've been kind of naughty and some some kind of weird comments or whatever. Let's get into this video. And again, this is going to be the best best in gear. Um, if you check the gear setup, which is going to be on the wall sims, it uses kind of a different setup. It uses like midnight chest guard and also different gems. However, I don't know why, but that's like completely wrong. Um, they're just worse, especially the setup because it goes like for the set bonus for this one for free agility which is like worthless on a warrior. Like agility is really bad on warrior. I will probably make a separate video about that as well talking about stats and not really worthless but it's like pretty bad unless you get like a lot of it. But yeah. Okay, let's go over the items and talk about them here. So, first of all, what do we have? Cursed vision of Sagaras. Many of these items I would not give to a warrior first. Actually, this is one of them. So, cursed vision of Sagaras. Um, I actually have kind of some fond memories about this item particularly because I have I was the first person who got this in our more casual guild in the last CBC. And actually, they they kind of made jokes about it wanting to get it back because my warrior was kind of ugly actually. You know, he had the monk hairstyle um bald. So, u yeah, they kind of regretted that. But yeah, I was the first person who got this. This is obviously a really really strong item. It's a lever piece. It comes from Illan. I'm really really contested by so many different classes. Every single physical DPS wants to get this. So your red paladins, your hunters, your rogues, your warriors, like everyone wants to have this enhancement shams. Um so yeah, it's it's it's really really strong. The problem for us warriors where it's not so good is uh it has like a lot of hit rating on it and we don't really want to get that much hit. Um and something to keep in mind here again the other sets will have a different hit allocation but one thing you need to reme remember is actually hit is going to be way easier to combine in the next phase. This set especially for example the business or step has 12% hit chance and this doesn't have um this doesn't have improved verifier. So keep that in mind. So it's actually we can even get like another additional 3% here basically or like also the drawer hit totally many people are now using boonkins or dream state dur so it's also like way easier to get hit from that place but yeah really really strong piece would not give this to war at first however it's still technically this it's that strong of an item that we are not going to use the foret if you get this so um yeah keep that in mind next up we have choke of endless nightmares this drops from supremos the second boss in black temple And it's also another item where I would say this would should not go to warriors first. I think it's like a really really strong on rogues um in comparison. So I would give this to a rogue any day of the week unless it's like a puck because who cares about puck people in pucks to be honest. Um but yeah, the reason why this is such a strong item is because it's a fully purely offensive item. It doesn't have any stamina. And if you remember from back in the day in vanilla, we had like a lion heart helmet for example which worked in a similar way. It didn't have any stamina and only pure offensive stats and that item was this for the whole game. Um obviously this is not kind of the same item. Obviously we will have like a better next in the future phase but still going to be really really amazing for that reason alone. Still however the hit rating is not something you really want to get from this piece. Um unless we are like really lacking in it. So again, I would rather give this to someone else. If you're wondering when am I am I going to talk about alternatives, that will be in the other two sets because that's again more the um yeah, it's a more interesting setup I would say. Next up, we have shoulders. We have also shoulder blades. These drop I think from our sheras. Yeah. And yeah, they are just amazing. These if you get these shoulders, you can basically have them equip for the rest of the game. They're really, really, really amazing. Not only do they give you armor pen, lots of nice stats and also part of the tier six set. Remember tier six is the last set we get. So afterwards we will not get any new set. So that's it for TBC. Um also one other thing which I need to mention here because it's really important. This is in my personal opinion the best looking set ever. Um tier six Vora set just looks so amazing. Especially the shoulders, they look so cool. Uh yeah, I don't know. Like they really cooked with this. I like this more even than tier three. It's really amazing and yeah, tons of good memories. Personally, one thing that you also need to remember here, we get some slight changes with the token distribution. So, um is actually going to be a change here. We are all going to share the token with shamans and hunters, which is the hunter thing is unfortunate. Uh I will get into that, but the the shaman thing is actually really lucky for us because shamans get a really really terrible set in in the next phase. they really don't want to use it at all. So, it's really dog Um, which is really good for us warriors, which will make it 100% easier to get the setup. Um, so yeah, again, also personally, I would say the shoulders and the chest. Um, warriors should have p on this on the other set items. You can make some arguments. It really depends on your setup on how many wars you basically have. And um, yeah, on on so many different variables. probably will make like also another video where I will talk about all of the physical DPS pryo if you want to. If people are interested in that, I can make a video about that as well. Page three has so much interesting gear. It's a choke full of gear. But yeah, amazing shoulders. Definitely one of your high high prior items because you can keep them for the rest of the game. Next up, we have cloak. So, finally, we are going to replace vengeance rep here. Um, this comes from Terran Giant. This is another item, however, where I would say, okay, I would not really give this to warriors first. The reason this is basic, if you look at the stats here, this is basically a vengeance rep. As you can see, 72 AP, vengeance rep has 52, but if you get like 20 more attack power from, for example, like VP gem into here, you have also 72. So, um, it's basically kind of the same, same amount of crit, but it has 17 hit rating and 24 stamina. So, it's basically a strength upgrade, but the upgrade is not really that big, especially if you think about, okay, hit rating is not something you really want to get. the other classes who obviously hit is like way more important. Again, rogues come into uh come come into discussion again and maybe you can make it so in your guild you will have pry on other items first because we have other items which are way more important which obviously also are contested but yeah personally I would probably just use vengeance rep here but again I will get into that when I talk about the alternatives. Next up we have also breastplate here. Um, this is still going to be obviously like really amazing tier six chest. It also has in this case a really advantageous socket setup because it has one red socket, two blue sockets, and that's where I put just all of my blue sockets in. Um, again, the setup on the Wim set side is is different and uses the blue gems differently. Personally, I don't know like I think the setup is just way better. The reason why this chest is really strong because obviously a really nice amount of stats. we get the armor pen. The tier six items all have armor pen on them which is really advantageous for us. So, and again that's like a new stat we are going to see in the next phase and we really really obviously want to get this. So that's really important. Another big bonus what we have here is um if we get obviously two items we get the set bonus here which is going to reduce our cost of execute which is just an DP smallish DPS increase for us. Um people already asked me, oh should we change our talent setup for this? The problem is with fur voice especially we are really limited in our tenant choices. Actually this is not even using booming voice. Uh you can kind of ignore the tenant setup in on the sides. Basically whenever I make gear sets I'm just using something which which makes a bit of sense but it's not like really optimized at all. Um but yeah, here again we don't have any talent points. Like where do we want to remove talent points from? Do we want to remove some from dual spec doesn't work really to be honest? We would lose so much damage here like 10% offend damage which would really really hamper your rage generation whenever you use heroic strike. Um otherwise like what I also are we going to look at here a rage we need to have 100%. One thing we could probably do, which is however kind of hard to fit, however, is um something where we could remove points from weapon mastery if we have a lot of expertise. So that could maybe be the strategy. However, don't forget um execute is only something that's going to be relevant obviously in the last 20% of the fight. So otherwise, we can't use it. So yeah, it's not really a big deal at all. But just kind of a quick absorption here if you were wondering. Um yeah, again, this is going to be a long video and I honestly I don't care. I just want to yap and uh explain some of the reasonings why I picked certain items here. For braces, we have actually something interesting here. So, what I did is I picked blades by balls and you would wouldn't wonder why do I use a phase one item here. Um I'm like mental. You could say so maybe. Uh the thing is we have one really big buff here for items which have sockets on them. I talked about this slightly in other videos, but something that you need to keep in mind 100% is that we get new gems, uh, which is going to be really, really big. So, we get new gems here. We get epic gems in this case in phase three. Um, the red ones have 10 strength on them, which is basically even better than the PVP 20 attack power gem. So, they are really strong. And whenever we have a piece, we can obviously slot in a couple of these are going to be really nice. So pieces which have lots of sockets on them and are decent like blades by warman in this example are going to pretty nice. So keep that in mind. We have some other alternatives for this. So that's what I'm going to talk about here. The thing is we are not really going to lack and hit here in this setup. So otherwise I could also use brace of radication. The new item you would probably use here would be deadly cuffs. They're really nice. Um obviously lots of good stats, some hit rating on them. But if you compare it here, all we are going to get is we get four more crit. We get um definitely decent more chunk of attack power. But again, this is going to like the attack power from this. If you calculate the strength, it's going to scale a bit more than 40 AP. And then if you think about we get like one additional gem here. So we actually have 30 strength kind of if you think about it instead of um actually it's actually even 40 strength. So, we have kind of like 40 strength on this piece. Um, and then obviously it's going to beat out deadly cuffs because here we have 58 AP plus 10 strength. Not going to beat out Blades by Spy Warbs in that regard. So, in my personal opinion, if you don't need to hit, this is still going to be basically the best piece to use here. Um, yeah, but we'll have to see. I there needs to be more me around. So this could be again this is a really early setup. So there could be some changes here that I will maybe make in in another future video. Glaes going to be last. So let's continue with the hand slot here. Grips of the silent justice. Um this is one piece that comes from shade of aama. Also I didn't talk about where these items come from. One sec. Yeah, let let me do this man. So sorry for that by the way. But yeah, also breastplate comes from Illan. obviously kind of hard to get will be kind of sought after but yeah um the thing is if you're wondering okay what is with hunters since we share the talk now of hunters um is there like anything that we need to remember keep in mind of um kind of so with hunters from what I've seen is they really want to use the full set so they want to use the four piece um if they're not going to get the four piece they're not going to exchange tier five basically that's how it works from for what I could what I could read that's really advantageous for us and also really not advantageous because it's kind of a twofold street depending on how your guild is basically going to prioritize items but yeah let's all war bands obviously comes from you know Mular um so keep that in mind uh it's from phase one raid so yeah let's go to g of silent justice again comes from trade of a um a boss of black temple this is really strong this is an offset item It has a huge amount of armor pen 175. And if you don't use the tier six setup, these are going to be basically the best hands we can use. Two red sockets as well, which is amazing. So, we get 20 strength on this one as well if you put two red gems into this one just from the socket alone, which is amazing by the way. And obviously, we get also some hit rating. And this also has like 40 strength built in. So, a really, really strong piece. Um, some of the offset armor items are insanely strong. And this is obviously one of them belts. Nothing changes here. Belt of 100 deaths obviously comes from Lady Vash in phase two. So if you have this, you can kind of consider yourself lucky. Um really amazing piece. We are not going to replace this until phase six uh phase five, sorry. Um so yeah, until we get we are going to get into Sunwell. So when we are going to get Sunwell, that's where we can get um the tier six belt. That's why I had six in mind. Uh and and that's basically going to replace by 100 deaths. Next up we have legs which are going to be leg of divine retribution. And yeah this is the best armor item which we can get in the next phase. It's it's just stupid like 51. Think of leggings of carnage from next ramas but I think this is even a stronger piece to be honest and it even has the same icon which is kind of funny. But yeah huge huge amounts of armor pen. This is what this makes this item amazing. 350 armor pen and one single item is so stupid. Um, this drops from gotok, one of the optional bosses in Black Temple. Highly recommend that you obviously go for this. Um, this should be one of your high prior items going into Black Temple. But one nice thing is it's a plate item and um this will be really really easy to get to be honest if it drops unless you have like 1 billion warriors in your raid or somehow like um you have like some red also pal paladins competing on this with warriors as well which that should not really happen. This should always go to warriors basically. It's really amazing for them obviously but yeah really amazing piece strongest armor item. It's really amazing. Next up, we have Dread Boots of the Legion, which comes from Linquiry of Souls. And that name is horrible to pronounce, by the way, especially as a German. Um, this these these are just amazing boots. Like, we get two sockets here, which we again can we can fill out some gems here. In this case, I'm using them for to fill out the yellow gems, which is nice. We get like free strength in this case. Some crit, some hit rating. Nice. Nice. So, that's basically how it works. Uh but yeah, that's what we need to keep in mind here. Pretty amazing CPS piece, but it's also again not like a huge upgrade. The thing is it should be easy to get, however, since red paladins want to get shadow master boots instead. Um if you're wondering why, for example, warriors go for critical strike rating that much and not for agility instead. The reason is because um compared to red patterns, for example, we need way more agility to get 1% crit, which is is a problem. So that's basically why agility is not that strong on warriors because we we just need way more to get 1% crit compared to for example critical strike rating. So that's why critical strike rating is always our best friend. Thinking about that basically I think it's 21 critical strike rating versus 33 or 30 agility. So yeah going into the rings we have one ring which should be easy to get and one ring which is really hard to get. So, um, here we have Storm Rage signature ring. This comes from Illan as well. Again, Illan has probably the most stacked loot pool ever out of any boss fight, I think, ever released in classic because he has if if you just think about this piece if the setup here, we have two weapons, we have his chest, we have um the helmet, and we also have the ring here. So, yeah, it's it's just crazy. So, this is really really strong. Um, this will give us 30 hit, 66 AP, but more importantly, 126 armor pen. Uh, that's really amazing, especially on rings to have that amount of armor pen. This will obviously also make gearing really easy if you need if you ever need hit rating. However, again, you could make some arguments giving this to other classes first because of the huge amount of hit here. This really advantageous obviously for rogues again because of the huge amount of hit. The problem however is there's nothing equivalent in the game which is going to come close to this ring in the next phase. So we have kind of a problem here. Um again for the other items you know choke off and this nightmare shadow moon destroyer rape and so on and so forth and also cursed vision. Yeah like I I can I can get behind that. Storm Rage second ring is a bit more harder to fill because we don't have good alternatives here to be honest which are going to be significant which are going to give us armor pen which we obviously really want to stack basically. So the more armor pen you get the better it's going to be to be honest because um again the more armor you reduce the lower uh like the lower amount of an armor of armor a boss basically has left the more efficient it is to reduce it. So yeah, that's why stacking armor pen actually becomes really nice. Yeah, comes from really hard to get. Unstoppable aggressors ring comes from Gootok again, optional boss. Um, same thing here. Really strong ring, however, 36 strength, lots of crit, and some stamina. This will be way easier to get. This should basically always go to a warrior. Um, I haven't really checked if any other classes really wants to get this, so I could be maybe wrong on this, but yeah, it's it's a pretty easy pickup, I would say. We have some other items, but I'm going to talk about them in the other sets. We have Madness of the Betrayer here as our trinket, which is going to be new. This is a strength upgraded tsunami talisman. This kind of a unique trinket because um, it will obviously have some nice stuff here. 20 hit, 84 attack power, and also an armor pen proc, which is really nice. This is going to be really nice on trash, but it doesn't have an internal CD, meaning uh if you get lucky, you can proc this all day long basically, which is nice. Like um if you compare this to other trinkets, other items have an internal cooldown. Um trinkets especially like or especially for example, if you compare to our glass, which is like a 50second CD. This is a really nice trinket for that. Again, also contested. Um lots of physical classes want to have this on warriors. This can become really nice especially on trash especially if your trinkets are on cooldown and this is going to be your best trinket on long fights second trinket on long fights obviously we have like the other trinket I'm going to talk about that in a bit but there's not much to be said about the other trinket the thing is if you are on short fights however um still nothing changed here we are still going to use badge of the swarm guard so this is still going to be the best on your trinket if you have short fights. So yeah, best don't use string it for that regard. Comparison would be here instead of using badge would be like losing bloodlust rouge, but again it would be way worse. So badge is like way better. If you don't have it, that's kind of unfortunate 100%. I hope Blizzard maybe introduces some things in phase three where we can actually get this on warriors because um it's such an insanely strong item whenever you can pop this um on treasure or whatever. And yeah like that is basically the problem you're going to face there. But other than that uh yeah madness comes is basically better trinket. If you think about like fights which are like 2 minutes or more then madness is just way better. Um if you have shorter fights like one minute fights they're even way shorter then obviously badge of the basically the best trinket you can use drink trophy or the stesh shot. I mean, yeah, like I I can really much I can't really say much here. Also, yeah, if you don't really know where this comes from, this comes from um the council fight, which is going to be this. I I call it the console fight, but uh that's basically that that is the last boss before Elen. Um also, I would say the hardest fight in Black Temple because it's um kind of a fight. It's the same fight like Hiking Morgar where you fight multiple mini bosses. Um, it works like that. And I'm pretty sure they have kind of have to die at the same time, but they have like a shared HP pool. You remember the boss fight? There's one boss fight in ICC which is also like that. Maybe you you remember that one instead. Um, but you also fight kind of like a council. But yeah, DC obviously still best trinket we can we can use here are really really amazing. But yeah, if you have it, consider yourself lucky. Obviously, I don't have DC and I also don't have badge. Um, yeah, 30 runs, by the way. 30 runs for badge. Um, and I don't know how many times I did Google. I've only seen it twice. Badge even less to be honest. But yeah, it is what it is. For for range weapon, we have serpent spine long bow. To be honest, the range weapon is not really going to be anything important to be hon. Technically, the best one would be barrelblade long rifle. Um, the reason is again because we get new gems. So, we can put two red gems into this one. However, again, keep in mind, um, that's not something that's going to be easy to get at all. Obviously, because it comes from a world boss, and I mentioned this so many different times as well. Um, I'm not really going to include world boss loot because it's like basically only like 1% of the player base has access to that. I don't know why Blizzard didn't make any changes here. So stupid. But whatever. Um, but yeah, that's kind of how it works. This is actually basically the best range weapon that you can use here because you can put two red gems into this one, two 10 strength gems into this one. So, you get like 20 strength, plus 16 agility, plus three crus rating. And um, yeah, it it's pretty strong for that reason. But again, we have all like all of these all three of these are pretty close to each other. It it doesn't really matter to be honest like the range weapon slot. Now, finally, let's get into the weapons, which are going to be obviously double warlaves. You're never ever going to find any better weapons, obviously. Um, they are really amazing. They're really strong. They come from Illan. They're legendary weapons. Um, the reason why they are so strong is because of the insane set bonus. Getting 450 haste is amazing. Like that uh like that set bonus proc if you get that proc, it's insane. especially whole strong fury scales of haste, you know, you can do more heroic strikes. You have like also like way way more off time on your auto attacks and stuff like that. It's just going to be so amazing for your rage generation. It's it's really strong. Just to make it short because I made two really long videos just about this topic who should get glaes. Again, personally I think u for warriors they are better overall but other than that it's always obviously it depends on the on the person who should get that. Um this doesn't really mean like let's say you have I don't know a rog who's swing a lot and then you have like a warrior who's kind of doing nothing you should give them automatically to warriors that it doesn't work like that. Both classes are really close in single target damage damage to each other. Rocks can even sometimes beat warriors. Um, however, if you look at the whole picture, war vorus are easier to stack. They are a better DPS class. They have also stuff like wreck and such. Obviously, that's another big rooting fact. They give you an amazing group buff. Again, that's what makes it easier to stack them. And also, obviously, they have way better cleave damage and AOE damage, which is going to be significant in the future phases. Um especially like actually in the next phase already because of mount hydra how much trash damage there's going out and um AoE for for Rox like on a two-minut timer um and other than that they have like zero AOE basically so yeah keep that in mind just saying so so again people can make like any cop arguments or whatever talk about PvP and such again like objectively it is better on warriors like there's no I mean I know rogues get a bigger DPS increase compared to warriors by using glaes It it's still like Boris has still the better DPS class. Um it's it's just what it is. Like you can call me bias but it yeah like the numbers are there. We know the numbers. Vor DPS. So yeah I I don't know uh what to tell you guys. Okay we have that. So let's talk about the two different setups now cuz they're also going to be easy. I have two setups. So first of all it's going to be this setup here. And then I have like even an easier setup which is going to be this one. Um so first of all let's talk about the I think kind of easier setup but not the easiest I would say. This one is using four piece tier six and that's going to be really really nice if you think about um using a setup which is like going to allow us to do that. Obviously uh the the thing is like which is nice about the four piece is actually pretty nice. It's actually kind of strong. It gives us 5% more damage on our mortal strike and blood first. So if we can get that, that would be kind of the the thing we want to think about using. However, ju just to mention it again here, the reason why we are not using the four piece tier six in the full B setup is because of the strength for cursed vision of Sagaras and also of obviously the Akama gauntlets. So that's why um we are not using four PC6. We will never ever use any other legs and leggings of the R retribution. So, we can't use the tier item here obviously. So, so that makes it a bit more difficult to fit this in. But yeah, let's talk about it. Let's talk about some changes I made here. Obviously, we have onsort battle helmet. This is a tier six helmet. This crumbs from Archamont, the last boss in Mount Hyel. Um, pretty nice helmet. Obviously, lots of strength, meta socket, red socket, which is nice. And um yeah, like has lots of amazing strenu like again all of the tier six items have armor pen on them which will make it way easier to stack armor pen here. Here we have like almost 1k as well which is amazing. Um one problem however is with this setup we are going to lack in hit. So this has like almost 6% hit chance but uh we could make some changes to the setup and um change some items around to get more hit rating. I will talk about that one in a bit. But yeah, just keep that in mind obviously. Okay, so we have that. Um, alternatively, we have hel of the dareter which is in the other set. But yeah, usually we we want to use also better helmet if we can if you want to use a four piece basically. Next up, we have choke of serrated blades. This is going to be the neck, which I think personally is going to be the more um logical item to use on warriors. This is also contested for hunters as well. So hunters also want to use this 100%. However, this drops from trash. So you can get lucky and get multiple out of these as well. Um and depending on how this is kind of the same as parents, but the reason why this is really nice because it gives you a huge amount of armor pen as well. 175 armor pen. Um yeah, that is going to be really strong especially on trash. Next up, we have obviously also shoulder blades. Nothing changed here. For the cloak, I decided to still keep vengeance wrap. There is technically even a newer cloak you can craft from level walking, which is cloak of darkness, which is basically the same item as vengeance wrap, but with stamina on it. If you want to use your gold on that, if you have maybe too much gold or whatever, you can obviously get that. Me personally, I don't think it's like like that insane of a thing to get to be honest. Obviously, like the huge amount of stamina is insane. 25 stamina is a lot. Um, but we'll have to see how expensive this is. I would not spend a lot of gold on this to be honest. Like maybe 200 like 300 gold at most, 400 gold at most, nothing more to be honest. Again, keep in mind that you have to get a lot of new gems here which are going to be insanely expensive. So that is something that you like yeah you have to have this also in your mind. Um, that that can be an issue for you. Uh, for braces um, actually I make kind of a mistake here because of the hit rating. So let's change this to be honest. I will actually use this instead. So this really depends on your on your guild setup. But let's say we are going to go for something which is going to go for more hit. Um then we use braces of eradication here. All of the braces are really close to each other. Deadly cuff is also not really a big upgrade at all compared to brace for education. So yeah, it's it's it's whatever to be honest. like the the DPS increase you're going to gain here is not really significant. Again, it depends on your setup. If you are going to have hit issues, this has now 7% of a um of hit rating, but we can get another 1% and then we are like almost close to hit cap. We can like change like two or three items here. But yeah, again, these items are like all you should basically have rest of anyway because whenever you need to use some hit rating, um you can obviously swap this and then you are going to be fine. Now let's talk about the weapons actually now because that's going to really significant here in this setup. I'm going to use drank strike and ventual glizer which is going to be really important. Also the gems should be different here. There should be five um let me change this here. Let's change this into yeah this also probably have to change this. Yeah you might see some slight changes in the jamming when when you are going to get the set again. And the set is going to be in the description, so you can check that out. Obviously, that's that's how it works. But yeah, the weapons, drink strike, vengeful for glazer. I already talked about this in another video. Um, but yeah, the reason why this is a really strong setup is because we have 2.7, we have 2.6. if you already have blacksmithing and then you are going to be kind of have going to have an advantage here because again you have like one less PvP weapon you have to grind here which is nice um and obviously we also have basically automatically desync weapons because I have different speeds so that's really really nice to see me personally obviously I have dragon strike already so all I have to do is I grant some PvP I get venture related slice and that's it and then I can chill until I can maybe get my hands on a glaive um that's that's basically my kind of thinking or my kind of play what I'm yeah thinking about basically. So yeah, keep that in mind. Otherwise, we have also alternatives here. So let's talk about them. This will be kind of a long part of the video to be honest. So for mainand weapons, um we can obviously also use vengeful glazer slicer here. It's it's also perfectly fine in the in the main hand. So, one setup you could run is just double vengeful data slicer. If you are a human for orcs, it's actually different. And orcs have uh kind of an advantage here, which I'm going to talk about cuz they have one unique item from the PVP um arena vendor, which other classes like other races just don't simply have access to for for some reason like orcs only have that. But yeah, it's kind of funny. So, yeah, we have this setup here. And then for orcs um you would use either the setup so where you are going to use strength strike and then actually vengeful glazers chopper. Um if you don't really know what this weapon even is because hey well like we're wondering what's this weapon. This weapon is unique only this only exists for the X option actually. It's an offhand 2.6x 6x offend only and it has the same cost as the fast um arena weapons like the quick blade or and such. For some reason they decided, oh, let's introduce like an X which is going to be slow but it's offend only and it's going to be way cheaper. It has all the same stat as the main hand one but it's offend only. So um yeah, that makes it really really nice for orcs. They get like a pretty much a big discount here. This will make it way easier to grind um this weapon. So, if you are an orc, keep this in mind. Um, whenever you are going to go for this setup, you definitely want to pick up the chopper because you're going to save a lot of arena points with that and you can maybe get uh get access to like this one like way easier. You can get this like way faster, which is going to be really nice for you. So, yeah, that's basically that. Otherwise, if you don't use dragon strike, we are going to go ventrol cleaver and then ventilator chopper. Again, same these two same have the same speed. That is something that you have to keep in mind. However, um that's just kind of the disadvantage here. However, again, then you don't need to grind blacksmithing. If you were thinking about, okay, since you don't use strength strike here, you don't have blacksmithing, what other profession should you use? In this case, I would use dual crafting and get um basically the the better gems. You can use like the 24 attack power one which is really nice and also obviously 12 crit. That's why there was actually yellow gem in this piece because it previously used to have a 12 crit gem from jewel crafting exclusively. I think it's called stone of blades. Um yeah that's I think the the name of the crit jewel crafting gem. But yeah again or have an advantage here. Um obviously you want to use the weapons which obviously your your racial um fit if you can. So that's something that you have to keep in mind. But yeah that's that's basically that. So uh next up so this is like everything about the weapons. Let me change this again to dragon strike and we go vent again because I obviously mostly play human but for any other race you can use kind of whatever. And I would always kind of recommend to get the sword because if whenever you have to go kebab, that's going to be really advantageous for you because then you can just fit in fit in that setup really easily because you have swords already. Uh one additional thing. So now let's talk about weapons. If you don't want to grind PvP, cuz that's also important. If you don't want to grind PvP, there are a couple of options. Um again, depending on your race. So one of the options for main hand and off hand is obviously blade of infamy. This is going to be a really nice one. This drops from an which is from hyel. Um that's an option. And then for orcs espec orcs specifically we have one other weapon which is in black which you can get black black temple from the first boss which is rising tide. This is a one-handed ax which you can also use and um yeah also onehanded you can use as a main off hand depending what you are missing. So that's also an option you have. Otherwise, yeah, the other weapons are not really good to be honest. Uh we have one weapon which is a bit slower which is S of Nefraim. This is actually 2.8, but it only has 50 AP and nothing else. This could be interesting for AoE because again it has like a lot of weapon damage which is really advantageous for Worldwood obviously, but other than that you are missing a lot of stats here. So yeah, keep that in mind. you obviously have to think about different mongus monguses and they are going to be more expensive again because everyone wants has like new weapons in the next phase. So yeah that's that's something to keep in mind as well. There is technically um a thing where you can use a fast offend instead. So for example you can use like a quick blade. If you use like two swords, you can go into the sword specialization and kind of use that play style as well. But whenever you do any AoE, you are going to lag in damage and also that is going to be basically a problem for you. Um, and your rate generation is going to be way different. So you have to also get used to that basically whenever you use a fast weapon. So that's also a things that you can technically use. You could use a quick blade from arena or you can use um blade of savagery but that's really contested for rocks and I would not take this over over rock. Otherwise we have also gauntlets here. So let's go over the other items now. Finally um this is again tier six. This has less armor pen than um gross of silent justice from shadow of a karma and one less socket but again we are using we are using the tier six setup four piece. So that's why we use this here. uh we don't have any other like place where we can use any other tier six item and this is going to be stronger slightly stronger than using offset items for fury. So yeah, keep that in mind but uh you would have to um keep in mind also that you need some hit rating in some other places. Next up we have red belt. So again obviously getting belt of 100 deaths is kind of a difficult thing. If you have red belt you can still keep using it. It's still going to be nice here. Obviously, um we don't really have any strong bell choices in this phase anyway. So, yeah, keep this in mind. This is still going to be really nice for you. For the legs, we have legacy of the run retribution. Nothing changed here. Same thing with the boots. Um the rings is a bit more interesting since storm rage signant ring is like really contested. Um I thought, okay, what would be some alternatives here and here it's really difficult. So what I chose is the easiest kind of I would say and kind of the like one of the most competitive rings which is ban of the eternal champion. This is one ring everyone will have access to. All this requires you to do is just doing mount hydra. There's going to be a new reputation which you can grind in mount hydra. Sim think of like kerazine and the rings. It's basically the same thing. And if you get this exalted, you will get access to this ring. Um, which has like a neat attack power proc on it, which is going to be kind of nice as well to use here. Otherwise, I would say the best ring instead of using stone signate ring here would be to use ban of the range in general. Um, basically, uh, this will also obviously give you access to more hit rating. So, in that case, you would only need to get like 1% hit from somewhere else. If you have the um if you still have like the summer food for some reason, midsummer food, you can use that. Or uh what else? You can you could also use like a ranged weapon which would give you some additional hit if you need that 9% basically. That's that's also an option in the setup. But yeah, other ring unstoppable aggressors ring madness. That's like for the trinkets. There's in this case no really replacement. There's only one new trinket in the new phase. So like I could I could have like tsunami talisman here, but I mean tsunami talisman is also contested. Trinkets are always contested. So yeah, it is whatever. Basically I could also you could also just have bloodlas brute here but I would just have madness so you kind of have something to look out for. Basically for the range weapon however we have one interesting choice here which is going to be twisted blade of zarok. This comes from Teran Garfield um in Black Temple. So that's like the death boss, you know, prepare to do the uh mini game so you don't wipe your raid. Um but yeah, keep that in mind. Uh and so the important thing about this is it's a throne weapon. So the thing about serpent spine longbow is that it's still going to be contested right now obviously because it's b for hunters. That's really important. The thing is a throne weapon obviously that's not going to be b for hunters. So they you have one class which which is not interested in this at all. So that's nice. Another thing okay what's with rocks? This has a lot of agility. Maybe rocks are interested in this actually. Also no. Um the thing is rocks are stuck on using uh the allar weapon which I can't find for some reason. I probably skipped it. Uh yeah steam pistol because it has a huge amount of hit rating. So, this is basically free to grab whenever it drops on warriors. And I would highly recommend grabbing this because thrown weapons in general are also really advantageous for protection warriors. It's it's one of the best ways to pull mobs instead of using like like you don't need to waste like one inventory space for um arrows, for example. So, yeah, really nice. So, I would highly recommend getting this. So, that's the alternative setup. Um, lots of items here, but let me quickly talk about the the last set, which is going to be the one which is going to be even easier to get. So, if you're going to struggle and think about, oh, um, it's it's hard. I I can't get the I can't get the items. It's like really difficult. They're all contested. Again, the gems are like wrong here. Should be also inscribed. Don't worry, I have even an easier setup. So here we are going to use instead of the four piece tier six, we are going to only use a two-piece tier six similar to the best sword setup and we use offset items which are easier to get. So first change here is helm of elidaretera. This drops from the console boss. So again the second like the last boss before second to last boss in black temple overall. Um yeah plate helmet plate DPS crit hit rating lots of it and obviously meta socket yellow socket. This is basically a blue onsto helmet. Um, the thing is it's really nice because it has a huge amount of crit. As you can see, it has like Yeah, it basically has like 2% crit and also 34 hit rating can be nice if you want to reach 9% hit with this. Yeah, this setup easily clears 9% hit and we can use some other DPS items where the other setup would struggle a bit instead. So, so that's something to keep in mind. Um otherwise like some other changes here are for braces again black spy warb band since we don't need the hit rating. Um we can just use this instead. This was the same thing in phase two already. And again this got an upgrade here because we can put like two red sockets into this one. Two epic red gems into this one. And then yeah we are going to be chilling. G of silent justice. Uh obviously another item which is going to be really strong and also easier to get than also gauntlets in my personal opinion because obviously like here you would actually compete with hunters for example because they want to get the four piece. Uh and also the gloves are really good for hunters in general. So um yeah that's going to be harder to get. So keep that in mind if you are ever like thinking about oh I don't I don't really know like which items I should go for. Obviously, grips of silent justice are way easier to get and as an individual item, they are stronger than on gauntlets. It's pretty easy to see. They have like basically 75 more armor pen, one more socket, and also um yeah, that that is basically that. We have like more crit on this one, but but that's it. That's obviously not worth it. All of the other sets are way better. So, yeah, technically we have like more strength, we have more armor pen, and we have some hit rating on this. Um, but incorporating the four PC6 is then it's going to basically be beat it out. But otherwise, it's not. So yeah, that's why I'm using here otherwise again B of eternal champion here really easy to drink to get. If you're wondering why are we not using band of devastation here as invalid alternative the problem is here this is this for red peladins and depending on how many red paladins you have in your raid. Um, obviously you should not get this on on a warrior because you have better rings and uh yeah. Yeah, for red pants it's this. So, so that's something that you need to keep in mind. However, if you have like if this drops multiple times, try to also grab one. Um, especially because this is going to be really nice ring as a second ring. You can pair this up with unstoppable aggressors ring with another like basically DPS ring here. Or again, if you need a hit rating, obviously ring of frozen marks is still going to be competitive here or obviously ring of reciprocity. like you have so many rings choices, but again, nothing's really coming close to storm rage signatur. Um that's that's basically what is what it's going to going to be. But yeah, the the advantage this setup has is that it will feature um obviously a lot of really nice gems here. One thing that you need to keep in mind here is because we are going to get armor pen, a lot of armor pen, um crit is actually going to become a bit stronger. The reason for that is because we are going to trade a lot of crit for armor pen. So we are going to just end up with a bit less crit but more armor pen. And you know how it is like with lower crit values crit is actually more efficient. The more crit you have basically the less efficient it is. Uh it has like diminishing returns. But as you can see I have 29% here. And um that's with this setup. Like I think the other setup even has less. If you look at this one, oh no, this has more. And I think this one even has way more. Yeah, this one has almost 32 32%. But that's because we have like less armor pen on here. So this one has like only 868. And I think the highest one has it's probably this one. No. Uh it's is this one? Yeah, this one has 987. So that's basically again that's how you can see the stat allocation. We we trade crit and obviously also like hit if we can for armor pen. But yeah, that's basically it. Uh I think I talked about a lot here. So sorry if this video was like really long or you could not really follow. Um but yeah, that's kind of how it goes with these videos. You know, they are like really long and I just kind of want to try to get everything in. But all three sets are going to be in the description. You can check them out. You can like look at them whenever you are going to think about, oh, what should I SR here? whatever, whatever. Um, there could be some changes in the future, especially depending on the bracers because uh you could play around a lot in these kind of slots. Um, generally, however, you want to have multiple items that have like hit and such all all like available. Again, my recommendation is always to have that in the ring slot, in the range weapon slot, and also for necks. Um also like in this case like for braces as well because they are pretty strong braces fit rating on them especially like obviously braces but yeah keep that in mind that's that otherwise this is the end of the video now so I will just you know as always talk about some different things here um if you like the video obviously feel free to like and subscribe again my goal is like to hit 3k subs would be nice uh I am kind of close I think I'm missing like 200 subs or so um which is maybe possible before phase 3 launches. Would be nice. But u yeah that's that. Otherwise I'm also probably going to be live after this comes out. So you can I'm live on Twitch. I'm live on YouTube as well. So just check the description. You can follow me and and such there as well. If you want to support me in further ways as well like motivate me doing continue doing videos, you can think of becoming a member or um you can check out the description for additional things like for example if you use rested XP, there's like an affiliate link which would benefit me a lot as well would be nice. Oh yeah, just yeah stuff like that. There are like some links in the description and also check out my discord. Um, Discord is kind of barren to be honest. But, uh, there are also a lot of people as well, including me, which are like answering questions as well sometimes. Um, if you have like any like warrior specific questions or or anything basically that also works. Um, but yeah, that's basically that. I hope you liked the video. If you did, feel free to like and subscribe. Obviously, comment for the algorithm and so on and so forth. And I will see you on the next video. Have a great day. Goodbye.
