Hey guys, welcome to another video. In this video, I'll talk about the phase three Arcane Mage BIS list. Now, this will not be a long video as there are not many things you'll need to upgrade. For example, if you're phase two BIS right now, these are the items you will not be upgrading in phase three. This includes the head, neck, shoulder, chest, back, hands, the reputation ring from Hyjal, and your mage trinket. Now, let's talk about what you will be upgrading with small upgrades followed by big upgrades. Let's start with the ring. You will be replacing your Violet Signet of the Archmage with Ring of the Ancient Knowledge, which drops from trash in Black Temple. This is going to be about a 20 to 30 DPS upgrade. For your wrist, you'll be replacing Mindstorm Wristbands with Cuffs of Devastation, which drops from the first boss of Mount Hyjal. This will also be a 20 to 30 DPS increase, but for me, it's going to be a 100 DPS increase since I'm using the Bracers of Havoc. For legs, we will be replacing our T5 legs with our T6 legs. This will be an upgrade of about 20 to 40 DPS. This drops from the Council in Black Temple. If you want, you can replace your Royal Cloak of the Sunstriders with Cloak of the Illidari Council, which also drops from the Council in Black Temple. But, it is going to be a very small upgrade, about 0 to 10 DPS upgrade. Now, let's talk about some big upgrades like the boots. You'll be replacing Velvet Boots of the Guardian with Slippers of the Sea Caller, which drops from the first boss of Black Temple. This is going to be a pretty big upgrade, about 50 to 80 DPS upgrade. For belt, we will be replacing Belt of Blasting with Anatharon's New This is also a 50 to 80 DPS upgrade for a couple of reasons. Not only does this belt have more spell power and crit, but also 23 intellect on top of those. Now, the next two items both drop from Illidan. First, for the weapon, we replace our Nexus-Key with the Zhardoom, Greatstaff of the Devourer. This will be a 50 to 100 DPS increase and will probably be the biggest upgrade of this expansion. Now, for the trinket, we'll be replacing our badge trinket with the Skull of Gul'dan, which is also about a 50 to 100 DPS increase. Now, the Ashtongue Talisman of Insight is also a great trinket, especially for AoE damage and also especially when your other trinkets are on cool down. If you want to know what to prioritize to upgrade in the next expansion, if you are BIS phase two, this is the priority you should be making for your upgrades. If you are not BIS, then use your own judgment to determine what you want. But, if you ask me, the biggest upgrade a mage can have is just getting a couple of druids to join your raid because having those extra innervates that allows you to use destruction potions in fights is just insane. Now, I will post the simulation website and the 70 upgrades link in the description, so you can check it out for yourself. So, that's it. Like I said, this is going to be a short video. Thank you for watching. Make sure to subscribe for more mage content, and see you in the next video.
