Hey guys, Griffin here and today I want to talk about the differences between the Pillar of Ferocity and the Season 2 Merciless Gladiator's Maul. So, in my loot video I talked about how the Maul is technically the best weapon you can currently get in Phase 3 and I want to kind of justify that so you have an understanding of why it's better. I don't want to say the Pillar of Ferocity is not a good weapon. Again, if you didn't do arenas, I didn't do arenas. If you didn't do arenas, it's not a big deal that you don't have this, but I want to explain why it's a really good weapon to have if you can get it. If you have the arena points right now, I would throw them down. And even if it's early Season 3 and you end up having the arena points, you might want to pick it up unless you're really willing to wait for the the Season 3 you know, 30-some hundred arena point weapon. Okay, so let's just let's just break it down. So, first let's do the Merciless Gladiator's Maul. So, it's got 1,010 attack power, but it also has that strength, which is going to convert to 84 attack power. If you just multiply by two, it's pretty simple exchange there. The next up is the hit rating, which is actually going to give you 2.9 * 18, which is roughly 52. And then 42 critical strike rating, which you're going to multiply by 1.9 as an equivalency and give you 80 attack power. So, you've got 1,010 attack power, 84 attack power, 52 attack power, and 80 attack power. The reason we do these equivalencies is so that we can do these kinds of comparisons. These numbers come from Nerd Egghead. These were formulated in Phase 1. However, they still are pretty close to justifiable. So, 1226 is the total attack power equivalency. So, now let's jump down to the Pillar of Ferocity. We've got 1059 right off the bat. Plus 47 strength, which is going to convert to 94 attack power, giving you a total of 1,153 attack power. Now, the in just pure damage, the Gladiator's Maul is going to do slightly more. However, if you're looking at the other half of it, it's more of a choose your own choose your own adventure, we'll call it. So, the Gladiator's Maul does not have as much stamina, but what it does have is resilience and a lot of it. 33 resilience is enough to replace a belt. So, if you're rocking belts of 100 deaths trying to figure out how to fit your resilience now that you can't use a pair of belts for it, the Gladiator's Maul is going to slide right in and take the place of the belt, allowing you to wear the bracers and the boots or or the the neck to cover that resilience gap that you've been kind of uh uh a little short on now that you have the belts of 100 deaths. So, that 33 resilience is huge. Now, if you're looking for more armor, the Pillar of Ferocity has 491 armor, equivalent to about just under 2,000 armor, which is good, too, and it has a ton of stamina, 96 stamina on it, which is also going to help you your survivability uh or your EHP. Uh so, if you have your defense or a resilience in other places, the Maul is going to be the better weapon for damage, but it might not be necessary for your defense. However, because it's the better damage and it has that resilience, overall it is the better weapon. I hope that makes sense. I hope that clears up any confusion on why the the S2 Maul is in so hot of demand, uh but also why the Pillar of Ferocity is still a really good weapon, uh just slightly under the Merciless Gladiator's Maul. Anyway, guys, I hope that video was helpful. I hope you guys fully understand. If you have any questions, go ahead and throw them in the comments and I will respond. Thanks, guys, and as always, take care.
