Hey guys, Griffin here and today I want to talk to you about gems in phase three. So, if you're not aware with the scale of the sands reputation coming out in phase three, we're getting a bunch of new jewel crafting patterns. So, uh the good thing about them is they're pretty easy to get. You pretty much just need friendly for the main ones, you know, and then the most the the last of them are in revered. The hard part of the gems themselves, they're only in Mount Hyjal and you have to down bosses to get access to the ancient gem veins and then hope for the gems to drop that you want. Uh and then the loot council has to do assign it to you. It's a little bit trickier. So, no, not everyone's all of a sudden phase three going to get all new gems in every single slot. It's going to take some time and it's going to take some planning on loot councils and guilds uh parts. Uh but the good thing is that hopefully the prices of the old gems should drop. So, if you're considering buying like a a cheap gem or a a nice gem for a new piece of gear you just got, maybe you wait until phase three because those other gems are should drop in price to make it a little bit easier for you. Uh now, I am going to add a link in the description to a list of all the new patterns so you can take a look and see uh what kind of upgrades you're getting. Essentially, it's, you know, one or two points or maybe three. So, uh for example, this eight agility I have, it's going to turn to 10 agility. Um the 12 stamina is going to go to 15 stamina and I know I have the C already has 15 stamina, but that one is unique equipped whereas the new 15 stamina is not. So, you're going to be able to put it in every single, you know, piece of gear you've got. Uh so, yeah, go ahead and take a look at that. Get an idea of what you're going to be doing and hopefully your loot council or your GM or whoever's in charge has a plan for how to hand them out cuz that is going to get a little bit hectic. Uh but yeah, I just wanted to get this out there give you guys a heads up and again in case you're thinking about replacing a gem right now, maybe wait a little bit. Anyway, guys, I've got videos coming out hopefully for the next couple weeks, so keep it eye out. They're all going to be related to phase three, and if you guys have any questions, go ahead and throw them in the comments. If you like this kind of content, feel free to like and subscribe, and as always, guys, take care.
