We now know that phase three of TBC anniversary will come August 27th, even though we had that really weird leak from Blizzard CS that said it would be August 13th, but it wasn't. With that being said, there's still time to make sure you are prepared as you once again travel back in time to the Battle of Mount Hyjal and battle your way through the Black Temple. And in this video, we'll make sure you know everything you need to do before phase three. I have all of this written down on my article at Method, which I've included in the description. So, make sure you check that out as well and bookmark it so you can keep it on hand as you prepare for next month. Before we get started, make sure you like the video and sub if you're new to the channel. Use code Dirty to get 10% off your first order of Every Dato's Coffee. My promo codes are for coffee, by the way, not for buying gold. As a content creator, you should not promote buying gold. And check out our new Classic Wow and Classic Plus podcast Pull 10 with co-host Jordi and Ren Cognitio. With that being said, let's get started. So, first, make sure you are attuned. Do not be that guild member who tells his raid leader that he's not attuned the day before launch. If I was your GM, you would just be permabenched. The Hyjal attunement is very simple. You just need to be revered with the Keepers of Time, grab the quest from Soridormi, and then loot Vashj and Kael'thas, and boom, you are attuned. For Black Temple, it's a much longer chain starting in Shadowmoon Valley in the Scryer or Aldor hub. And it starts with the Tablets of Baa'ri. I think that's how you pronounce it. And it's not a hard quest chain, it's just tedious. There are a couple parts where you'll need a group, one for clearing the Arcatraz. This can be done on normal. You don't need to do heroic like the Tempest Keep attunement. And then the quest after is a group quest in Shadowmoon Valley. After that, you'll have to put on a disguise and kill Al'ar in Tempest Keep. Don't forget to put your disguise on and then you'll eventually get the quest and artifact from the past and you are set for now. You are not attuned to Black Temple yet because that last quest requires killing and looting Rage Winterchill who is the first boss of Battle of Mount Hyjal. After that, you'll get a couple more quests that are just talking quests and then you'll become attuned to Black Temple and receive the medallion of the Karabor and this medallion is super important because I don't think this will become account bound even though attunements are. So, even though you've become attuned to all your characters, when one of your characters does the attunement, all of your characters want that medallion as it provides 40 shadow resistance and you'll want a shadow resistance set for one of the encounters in Black Temple which we'll talk about later in this video. It's not a hard attunement. It's not nearly as tedious as the Tempest Keep attunement so make sure you do it. You will get some gold out of it and every character you want to raid on needs to do it for that neck. Next, reputation farming. Yes, I know, unfortunate, you have to play the game outside of raiding and just like the last section, you will want to do this on every character that you want to raid on if they use flasks instead of elixirs. And there are three reputations that you'll want to be exalted with before phase three, the Sha'tar, Cenarion Expedition and the Aldor or the Scryers. The reason is once you're exalted with these three factions, you'll be able to access the vendor either Arcanist Soorath the Scryers or Ha'do the Composer for the Aldor and buy Shath'rar versions of every single flask that exists in TBC. These will be in exchange for a Mark of the Illidari, a new token that drops off trash mobs in phase three raids. Again, if you are a flask user over elixirs and you're in a guild, this will save you a good amount of gold on your weekly raiding bill. For the Sha'tar, spam run the Botanica. For Cenarion Expedition, spam run the Steamvaults. And for the Aldor or the Scryer, you should be exalted on these tunes because your best enchant for your shoulders is through them, but it's just reputation turn-ins through your Signets, Sargeras Marks, Fel Armaments, or Arcane Tomes. Again, you're probably not doing much besides raid logging, so just hop back into these dungeons and get those reputations up. But, let's get back to talking about why the Medallion of the Cenarion Circle is so important. That's for one of the final encounters in the Black Temple, Mother Shahraz. This goth mommy has a pretty brutal mechanic, Fatal Attraction, where she'll teleport three random players that aren't the tank to a random part of the room and deal ticking shadow damage to those three players until all three of them are 25 yards apart from each other. At the start of this phase, it is highly recommended to have 244 shadow resistance with buffs to guarantee at least a partial resist of every tick of shadow damage that goes out from this mechanic. 244 resistance is the magic number to guarantee at least partial resistance of that school of magic. Along with my guide over all of phase three, I also have a separate guide on Method's website as well that I'll also include a link to in the description. A priest can buff everybody with 70 shadow resistance, and the medallion you get for the Black Temple attunement will also provide an additional 40, meaning you only need 134 resistance to provide yourself. Every level 70 green BoE piece of shadow protection will give 21 shadow resistance, and this graph here that is also on my article shows every enchant and gem that grants shadow resistance. The best way to min-max your shadow resistance set while also doing the most damage is to get additional pieces of your phase one and two best gear and then just gem and enchant it with shadow resistance. And then after that, then buy pure shadow protection pieces for whatever else you need. It's very important that in these sets, you who still hit cap or spell hit cap or as close to it as it'll be a huge loss to your damage if you are not. You can see here an example of a warlock set for their shadow resistance and I'll provide a link to that gear set in the description. A big shout out to Golovaras in the guild Angst Status for sharing this with me. If your guild is already experienced with Mother and has cleared it in the past or most of them have, an alternative solution will be to use your engineering tools being the Nigh Inviolability Belt and the Rocket Boots instead of shadow resistance. However, if you are inexperienced, it is highly recommended to opt in the shadow resistance pieces instead. There is new shadow resistance gear in phase three with a new reputation Ashtongue Deathsworn, but they will be expensive and require a rare crafting material with the Heart of Darkness, which has a low drop rate in both phase three raids. So, it's best to create your own shadow resistance set now as you may be using it for a long time before you get any phase three gear. Now, the best way to get level 70 shadow resist pieces will be to farm ethereal prison keys and open the prison cells in Netherstorm. If you get hostile NPCs, they will drop random level 70 gear. If they drop green gear, it'll be BOE and will be of any suffix including of shadow protection. If they drop blue gear, it'll be BOP and that gear is resistance focused first and then a random suffix. One of my guildies here got the Dark Cloak of the Sorcerer, which would be your best shadow protection cloak as it has shadow protection and spell power. Again, all of this information is in my article on Method, so make sure you check that out for a quick reference. For tanks, you will want to make sure you have a fire resistance set with that same number 244 with buffs for taking the fire elementals on Illidan Stormrage. For early weeks, three tanking this, meaning one boss tank and two fire tanks, will be highly recommended. You can two tank this and we'll address that more in detail in a later video, but for the sake of execution, shoot for three tanks as mentioned earlier. Garish, Jarris, it's a G so I'm assuming it's Garish, right? Like GIF, it's not JIF, it's GIF. I don't care what the creator said. The badge of justice vendor guy, whatever you want to call him, can sell you fire resistance boots, legs, chest, and hands for a total of 100 badges. And you should have a fire resistance ring and neck from doing the KT attunement. There is a special trinket from AQ40, the Petrified Scarab, that gives you 100 resistance to any school of magic. And this is the trinket that allows you to two tank this, but you'll want both your tanks to have this as having this lets you put on more normal gear. For the boss tank for warriors and paladins, you'll also want a sheer set for this encounter. This is named after Illidan's tank mechanic, Shear. This ability, if it hits the tank, will reduce their HP by 60% for 7 seconds. A pretty fatal attack if it lands, and it cannot miss. It can be dodged, blocked, or parried, though. So, because of that, you can't just gear for avoidance cap of 102.4% because that counts miss. Instead, you'll have to gear for 101.8% of dodge, parry, and block only. Big pieces to help with that are pretty much every mitigation piece that drops in SSC and TK. Wristguards of Determination, Girdle of the Immovable, Boots of the Resilient, Ring of Sundered Souls, and the Seventh Ring of the Tiers Fallen. If you have all of these, you can easily build a sheer set right now. On my prop paladin, you can see from my taking in two week aura that the set I have on will be sheer immune. This last set I'm going to bring up is only something you want to consider if you rock like below 10K HP, and that's a stamina set for the first encounter of Black Temple, Najentus. As this fight has a mechanic that'll deal 8,500 damage to every member in the raid when you pop his shield with a spear. That spear will also deal massive physical ticking damage to whoever is impaled by it before, so it can lead to pretty fast deaths if your HP is low. Now, this is not something nearly as required as the shadow resist set for mother or the fire resist set for tanks, but is something you may want to look into if you have particularly low HP. A great way to do that will be from our next point, and that's stocking up on arena points right now. If you have some BIS items that are PvP gear, and you just didn't get the PvE counterpart, like if Fang of the Leviathan just didn't drop for you and you're a warlock, remember that the rating for season 2 will disappear, and all the season 2 PvP arena gear will be heavily discounted. So, you can get your BIS gear before the next phase starts. As I'm making this video, you only have a couple lockouts to do so, but the gear will still be heavily discounted even when season 3 starts. You'll just lose your arena points. Moving on, there are some new consumes that will really shine in this phase, and you can start farming for them right now. Already, as I'm making this video, the prices for Elixir of Demon Slaying have doubled, if not tripled at least. There are seven demon bosses among both these raids in phase 3. Physical DPS classes, this will be your BIS consume for those seven encounters. It also, unfortunately, only lasts 5 minutes, which is pretty rough, but don't worry. Do not be fooled by the price increase. It is very easy to farm the mats for Elixir of Demon Slaying. It's just one Grom's Blood and one Ghost Mushroom. Grom's Blood can be farmed in Dire Maul East, and there are plenty of spots to farm Ghost Mushrooms, including Skull Rock in Hinterlands, Fungal Rock in Angoro, the Fungor Cavern in Zangarmarsh, and also in Maraudon. Save your coin and farm the mats yourself versus spending the gold on it. Next, all players can get Stratholme Holy Water as this acts as a mini sapper on undead only. It is a little harder to get this now as the boxes don't sparkle anymore in Stratholme, so you have to just guess and walk by a box and see if it's good versus knowing which box is good. Unless you're a dwarf, in which case you can use find treasure to steal the good boxes still. These guys will be great for Mount Hyjal as all the trash is pretty much undead. And if you're a prop paladin, you should have like a million of these by now from farming strat. And finally, just for the Horde only, sorry to my Alliance viewers, you're able to get a consume for either an attack power or spell power buff to undead from the two following quests from Magistrix Ammen'gol in the Ghostlands. Spinal dust and more spinal dust or rotting hearts and more rotting hearts. Turning in 10 spinal dust will give you a scourgebane infusion as your reward. This consume will give you a 30-minute buff granting 15 spell damage to undead. And turning in 10 rotting hearts will give you a scourgebane drought. This consume will give you a 30 attack power to undead buff for 30 minutes. And these both stack with elixirs and flasks. Once you turn in the quest the first time, it'll become repeatable for you to turn in as much as you want. Both spinal dust and rotting hearts are also BOE, meaning they'll still drop off mobs even if you're not on the quest. So, if I wanted these on my prop paladin, I wouldn't farm them on my paladin because he'll be oom really fast and he doesn't deal a lot of damage and the respawn timers aren't great. So, I'd farm these on my warrior or enhance shaman and then send them to my paladin to turn in the quest on. The spinal dust and rotting hearts drop off the mobs in the Dead Scar and they're only like level 17. So, it's very easy to farm this at level 70. Start farming up for this consume now because if you and everyone in your raid team has this, that's a huge power increase on trash in Mount Hyjal because as we said earlier, almost all the trash is undead. And there are also two undead bosses in phase three, Rage Winterchill in Hyjal and Teron Gorefiend in Black Temple, which is a perfect segue to our next section. And that's to study all the fights and play this mini-game that I'm putting up in the description. I'm going to get heated here, but if you don't study these fights, you will give your team some struggle, especially on Teron Gorefiend. This mini game simulates the ghost mechanic that is the main mechanic of his encounter, and this mechanic is one of those mechanics. It's the random player assign mechanic that'll wipe the raid if that random player doesn't know how to do it. This is giving me flashbacks and PTSD already to Mists of Pandaria classic during Heart of Fear with Amber Shaper Unsok. If you were there for that, you know what I'm talking about. That fight sucks because it also has the random player assign mechanic. That's the main mechanic, and if the player doesn't know that mechanic, then everyone suffers because everyone wipes. So, make sure you know how to do that mechanic. This little flash game teaches you how to do it. Practice it. Get your best record time in before phase three. And for the rest of the fights, there are guides out there from classic 2021 and even back in OG TBC. Wowhead is currently revamping the boss guides on their site to make them better to read and more detailed. And of course, I'll have my guides out when the PTR is out, but still, you guys, it's 20-year-old content. Unless your guild is a blind playthrough guild, you're griefing by not knowing these fights ahead of time. Do not grief your raid team. Study up now. Okay. I'm I'm I'm calm now. And the last tip I have for y'all in this video is to prepare your enchanting shopping list now. Guys, unfortunately, things are just going to get more expensive. It's not going to get cheaper. Compare your phase three bis list to your phase two bis list and see what items you keep and what items you will replace and start prepping those enchant mats up now because, like I just said, it's going to get way more expensive after August 27th. And if you replace everything like I do, well, that shopping list gets a lot more expensive, and I don't want y'all to get discouraged when those price hikes do happen. But, I think that's it from me, you guys. I hope you enjoyed this video, and let me know if I missed anything, and let me know if this guide helped you. Do not get discouraged if this feels like a lot. You still have a month, and a month is a long time. Grab your friends and your guildies, get on wow on a non-raid nights, and start preparing. As always, thanks for stopping by and saying hi. Follow me on twitch.tv/dirtygd, and I'll see y'all in our first pull 10 podcast and in my next video. This last set is This last This last set is not This last set [ __ ] This last set God.
