Phase 3 is almost here, and if your guild plans on clearing Black Temple in Mount Hyel, there are a few items in preparations that can make these raids significantly easier. Some of these are wellknown, but others are things that a surprising number of players completely forget about. From items that'll save your raid to quality of life upgrades and even one of the easiest ways to make a ton of gold once phase 3 launches, here's everything you should be doing before and during tier 6 raids. First things first, if you haven't already, finish your Black Temple and Mount Hyel attunements. As always, I'll leave links to those in the description of this video. You definitely want to get these done before launch so you're not scrambling to do them at the last minute. On top of simply getting into the raids, the Black Temple atunement unlocks probably one of the biggest quality of life rewards in the expansion. That being the Blessed Medallion of Caribore. This necklace gives you a teleport directly to Black Temple, saving your raid an enormous amount of time every single week. And while you're running Mhydra, there are some excellent reputation rings that become available and are even best in slot depending on your class. So naturally, you'll be working towards these each week you clear the raid. But again, the only way to unlock these rings is by completing the mount hydrol attainment. Most players forget this next one, but it's probably one of my favorite little tricks, and that's going to be the sulfuron slammers. You can buy these from plugger spazzing inside of the bar within Black Rockck Depths, or you can just buy these off the auction house since they are tradable. During the Enan encounter in Mount Hyel, they'll randomly put players to sleep for 10 seconds. Normally, you'll just sit there waiting, or you can use a PvP trinket to break this, but the sulfuron slammer will deal a tiny amount of damage over time and instantly break this effect. It's basically a free PvP trinket that doesn't use your trinket slot or consume your potion cool down. In the description, I'll leave a weak or that helps you track when to use these. Next up, arcane bombs. These will save your raid. If you're an engineer with 300 skill, these are absolutely worth crafting. In classic wild, they were pretty expensive because they required an arcane bar, but in Burning Crusade, they're much cheaper to make. The biggest expense right now is usually just buying the pattern depending on your server. Their biggest strength is the 5second silence. This becomes incredibly useful throughout Mount Hydrol, especially on the necromancer trash packs. The shadow bolts can easily add up at the wrong time and absolutely delete your tank if they all cast together. One welltimed arcane bomb can completely shut down and make those pulls dramatically safer. You could alternatively maybe throw grenades or some kind of other stun, but nothing is going to come close to how powerful the arcane bombs are. Another item players seem to forget about is the thornling seeds. Once again, an old item that suddenly becomes useful again. On Mother Shiraz, they can bait her beam abilities. Not fatal attraction, but the beams that can knock players back and drain mana. By using these, you're going to control where some of those beams are going to land, and your healers are going to have a much easier time managing this fight. They can also be used on the Ilidari Council fight. You can place thornlings around the edge of the room and bait the blizzard and flame strike mechanics. That said, if your guild is really struggling with council, just bring an additional healer, and that's usually going to provide much more value than relying entirely on thornling seeds. Think of these as an extra advantage, not a replacement for a solid raid comp. Another valuable item is the Rocket Boots Extreme. Especially valuable on the Mother Shiraz encounter, the extra movement speed lets you spread out much faster for the Fatal Attraction. This means you can often get away with wearing much less shadow resistance while consistently surviving the mechanic. Less resistance gear usually means more damage. Next, I want to talk about some old items that are still another defensive cooldown during one of Black Temple's hardest tank encounters. It's by no means mandatory, but progression is always about stacking every advantage you can get. Next, we have for the healers the Scarab Buch. You'll definitely want to dust off your Scarab BR if you still have it. It's especially strong during phase one of the relic query of souls fight. Since healing is heavily restricted during this phase, every bit of additional healing really matters. The scarab brush can help squeeze out some extra value and make this phase noticeably easier. And finally, the flactory of keltoazad. If you manage to pick one of these up during next ramis, congratulations. This trinket absolutely destroys hydro trash and remains incredibly strong throughout several encounters within Mount Hydrol and Black Temple. For melee DPS and casters, it's one of the best DPS trinkets you can bring into phase three. For hunters, though, it's a little less exciting. since it seems it doesn't provide attack power to your pet, it's going to fall behind some of your other options. But for almost everyone else, this thing is still an absolute monster. One thing I don't see enough people talking about is just how much gold you can make in phase 3. Even if your guild has Black Temple and Mount Hydrol on farm, it's still worth sticking around for trash clears. That's mainly because Hearts of Darkness are going to be in extremely high demand. These are going to be used for crafting shadow resistance gear and certain best in slot pieces. They are going to sell for an absolute premium early on and I highly recommend selling them before crafting any of those best in slot pieces. On top of that, both Black Temple and Mount Hydro Trash have a chance to drop epic gems. Every raider is going to want to replace those blue gems with epics as soon as possible, which means those gems are going to be worth a lot of gold during the first few weeks. If your guild's already clearing the raids, take some time each week to organize a few trash clears, and it's going to be one of the easiest ways to make thousands of gold. Not only that, but you're going to be helping gear up your raid at the same time. It's one of those opportunities that people really wish they took advantage of once the prices eventually come back down. If you're looking to make some extra gold before phase 3, now's a good time to stock up on Mooncloth and Spellcloth. Both are required for several new best in slot tailoring patterns, which many players are going to be after. As players start to craft their best in slot phase 3 gear, the demand for these are going to spike, especially during the first few weeks. Additionally, marks of Idari will start dropping from the trash as well. Depending on what patch you're playing on, you can exchange these for a flask of your choice within Chhatra City. However, in order to exchange these items, you need to have exalted reputation with the Chitaur, the Senarian Expedition, and either the Aldar or Scriars. This requirement will affect the demand from your guild, especially given that many boosties and alts probably won't have those reputations. In most cases, it's worth handing these out to your raiders instead of selling them since they will help reduce the guild's consume cost throughout the phase. Of course, if the market gets a little crazy on your server, it's probably worth selling a couple of these if they end up being worth more than the flask itself. Something else you should consider is saving up your honor for PvP epic gems. These are super slept on and extremely valuable early on in tier 6. An easy way to get your honor up and what I'm currently doing is just hitting my arena cap each and every week. And then whatever arena points I don't end up spending, I just let those get converted into honor and then I spend them on my PvP epic gems. Before phase 3 launches, make sure you max out your professions if you need to do so. Engineering continues to be incredibly valuable with rocket boots and arcane bombs, while tailoring, leatherwork, and blacksmithing all gain access to powerful crafted gear. One last profession tip, make sure someone in your raid has 375 mining. Throughout Mont Hydra, you'll find ancient gem veins. And without a maxle miner, you'll be missing out on rare and epic quality gems. And this one might sound silly, but every Hydrol veteran knows this. Free up some of that bag space. All the greens, the hearts of darkness, the blues, the epic gems, the recipes. You're going to want to have some empty bag space before going into the raid. And of course, we got to quickly talk about consumables. Make sure you're stocking up on the basics like what flask you'll be using, weight stones, sharpening stones, wizard oils, and food buffs. But the most important consumable to grab is going to be the elixir of demon slaying specifically for my physical DPS and the Strath holy water. Between Mount Hydrol and Black Temple, you'll be fighting plenty of demons and undeads, making these both incredibly valuable throughout the raids. And if you're playing horde, don't forget about the ghost land buffs with the scourgebane infusion or the scourge bane draft. These provide you with some additional undead damage, giving you another useful consumable for Mount Hydrol. Keep in mind that neither of these consumables are tradable. However, the quest turnin items used to obtain these are tradable. So, you can always buy them from the auction house ahead of time and turn them in by yourself before raid night. For the attack power consume, it's going to be 10 rotting hearts. And for the spell power consume, it's going to be 10 spinal dust. Also, don't overlook some of the crafted gear from previous phases. Items like belt of blasting, belt of the long road, or even a vengeance wrap are still excellent pickups if you haven't replaced them yet. With tier six raids introducing new materials like Hearts of Darkness, it can be easy to forget about these older patterns, but they are still very strong upgrades for many players heading into Black Temple and Mount Hydrol. And this is something almost nobody mentions, and that's guild preparation. Decide on loot rules now. decide who's going to get the first couple of hearts of darkness, how many you're going to sell, who's going to get the first crafted pieces, and of course, how much shadow resistance is going to be required before raid night. These conversations are much easier to have before the patch rather than during progression. And that's pretty much it. If you enjoyed this video, be sure to like and subscribe for more just like this one. If you have any questions, be sure to leave those in the comments down below. and I'll see you next time.
