Good morning, evening, or afternoon, everybody. Today I wanted to take the time to dive in further on how to gear a feral druid tank, because there are a ton of people that have a lot of opinions on it, and there's a lot of information out there that I think is just a little disingenuous and wrong. There's no real like super best correct way to have a druid tank. There are just Honestly, it depends what the heck you're getting, but there are some really important you should try your very best to get, and that makes some pieces incredibly more valuable than others, and it really just depends on the stage you're in. So, I'm going to sort of uh start from a pre-best stage where you're you just hit 70, you're looking for pieces to get, why you should get these pieces, the stat breakdowns, and just some really key important highlights that you should go after and why. So, without further ado, let's dive right into the video. So, the very first thing I want to talk about is just the tankiness of a feral druid and how it works. So, the most important asset that a feral druid has is it's going to be his armor, of course, but survival of the fittest. So, this increases all attributes by 3% and reduces the chance you'll be critically hit by melee attacks by 3%. So, unlike all the other tanks in TBC, and there's a very very good weak aura that I think you guys should all get, and it is the TBC tank uncrittable uncrushable tracker. And this shows you exactly where you are on being crit. Now, there are two stats that go into this, and that is your defense, which you get from these defensive pieces, and then resilience, which you get from any PvP piece that you might have. And so, you want when you're fighting a boss, you want this missing level 73 crit percent to be below 3%. So, an example, I do not have it right now, but if I were to put on my Adamantite Figurine, that would give me it. So, I swap my Hourglass and the Adamantite Figurine every now and then, and that puts it on there for me. And as you see, it brings it below that 30%. So, it is a hodgepodge calculation of all of your defense, all of your resilience that you have from these pieces of gear, and putting them in. And what's really hard about this, and why Druid has so many options, and why it is so freaking confusing, is because your best-in-slot stat pieces, aka your tier, are just pure stat pieces. They have insane amounts of armor, they have insane amounts of strength, agi, and stamina. And the number one thing that you actually need is none of those, and it's expertise. However, there aren't enough expertise items in phase one for you to get your true expertise cap. So, it kind of breaks down to expertise, agility, and hit. Those are the three things you want to go for. And I, as a Druid tank, I shoot for the 6% soft cap of hit, just because, once again, phase one stats and stuff, you lose a ton of power to go to that 9% true cap. So, sometimes you just get resisted, and it sucks, and you missed. But, most importantly is the expertise. So, there are really good expertise items that you can go after and get. The number one being the Earthwarden Hammer. It has defense, and it has expertise on it, and it helps you hit things. I love this weapon. I it is the first thing that I would recommend every Druid tank does is go and get exalted with Cenarion Expedition. And most importantly, the Cenarion Expedition is one of the easiest ones to get exalted with, because you can just simply buy it with Coilfang Armaments after you do one run of Steamvaults and get that letter and turn it in. So, this weapon is insanely powerful. You do replace it towards the end game build when you get your staff from Karazhan or the arena staff, whichever one you prefer. But, this one just gives a ton of defense and a ton of expertise. The other most important expertise item is the shapeshifter signet, which is going to be a very much needed best ring that you probably don't take off ever until we get further phases and you can get more XP expertise. But, in phase one, you really want to get exalted with Lower City. Those are two items that you can grind for every day just by doing reps in dungeons and heroics and tanking for people. Obviously, I'd recommend normal, especially if you're starting off as a tank. Get your bearings, get out there, and get this. Then, the next piece is actually two pieces and it is gloves. So, you have the flesh handler's gauntlets, which you go and do a quest up here in Netherstorm right outside this cave right here south of Manaforge Ultras. And then, you also uh get a drop from Karazhan trash, actually, that has a really uh nice gloves called Grips of Deafness, which give you a ton of powerful stats along with the expertise rating. So, those are very, very good. And eventually, once you get all four pieces, so like I need my tier shoulders to really optimize this and I'm going to lose a lot of hit for that. Um and we'll hopefully get Pretty much, I need to get the staff off of Illhoof, like Some of the most important items are going to be this cape right here. It's so good because it has It's essentially your mitigation cape, just better. So, like I have a hit cape here, the Deathshroud, and I have this thorium weave cape, which just has armor and stam. And this one gives you the armor, the stam, and the defense rating. So, it is very, very strong and very good. And when you're going to do a massive swap to get all of your gear, you uh are going to want this cape. Then, this is the weapon that you get as your best PvE weapon. It is insanely higher stats than the Earth Warden. It gives you hit, it gives you a lot more agi, gives you a lot more strength, and it even gives you more stamina. So, this is a very nice pick up and a piece that you will use and that sort of balances out the hit that you lose from the cape here that you put on. And then with your shoulders, you swap for your tier shoulders, and then you really want to get Edge Walker boots for more hits because you're dropping the shoulders. So, Edge Walkers for more rows as an off piece is very nice to go after. I'm my my This is what I'm going for for my true bis is the Edge Walkers, the Griptoe of Defness, and then those two other pieces off of Illhoof, and we've just had really bad luck, unfortunately. And so, for going into your character, what you really want to look for is that and then as much stam as possible because in phase one, you are going to get critted like a mofo. You are not going to have an option. You are You are always able to be crushed as a bear tank. But, what you're supposed to have is a ton of stamina and a ton of armor to be able to take that hit. So, like I even consider taking off my expertise there and just going even lower just so I have a ton of armor and a ton of stamina and I'm able to hit the boss. And that's where all these belts, rings, trinkets, cloaks come into the most play and that's why I have so many of these just as options that I potentially could swap out at any time because they have more hit and that hit allows me to stay alive and hit the bosses and not really sacrifice too much of that. In raid without full buffs, kings fort, I'm fooded up, I'm at sitting around between 16 and 17,000 health and I'm able to get those. So, a lot of these pieces that you go after are just these pure armor, strength, agi, stam druid pieces that are really very helpful and it's pretty much like your tier before you have it. Now, for PvP, I would highly recommend you get the General Leather Bracers and the General Leather Belt. Your armor will not become a problem for you as you can see I am almost at armor cap right now. Armor cap is 32,500 armor and you get 75% reduction, but your healers, shaman or priest, give you a inspiration buff which gives you 25 to 16% more armor which pushes you to that cap. So, I'm not really worried about cap, but what I am worried about is my hit. So, like I'm try I keep trying to get a way to balance this out to where I can get uh hit cap and have the uh cap there. So, I even went and bought this Band of the Exorcist. I could put this on, but we lose a lot. So, this would be something I would use if I'm taking mag, right? I'm a little below hit, but it allows me to crank. I also could put belt right here, Sox Girdle, which is the equivalent. Um this brings me enough hit. This brings me hit cap and it takes me very close to that threshold of cap and I would love to run this, but unfortunately, I'm relying too much on the resilience and this leaves a 0.06% chance for the boss to crit me and blast me. But, these are just all items that are either from dungeons, heroics, PvP. They give you a nice comfy area that you can go in and get. I can even put on this barbed uh choker and then but once again, we have the same problem of I lose too much hit. So, I'm really looking for Edgewalkers. Things like Midnight Leggings, if I had the shoulders, are a viable thing if you do not have Edgewalkers, you can use these. These are great with hit. You could have two of the red ones and then a Talasite in there because it gives hit for the socket bonus as well as you get a lot of hit from those. That that something I'm looking into. I even had the Forest Walkers before I had these Greaves of Malorne. So, there's just so many options and choices that a druid has. And pretty much the best advice I can give you is go for that 6% hit for the soft hit cap, have two to three pieces of expertise gear on because you're not going to hit expertise soft cap, and then focus on being as armored and as thicked up as you possibly can be with these increase armor and just pure stat pieces. I shoot for 16 to 17k health and I do a ton of threat, a ton of damage. I don't get ripped off of on any single target boss at this point. And sometimes, if you're feeling it, you can obviously, you know, run this hourglass is what I have been doing after I got that, but pretty much Bloodless Brooch and the Hourglass are my two So, like this is threat, and then I put on Adamantite Figurine to tank mag because it is far far too risky to have that on. And then my general belt gets me there to be pretty dang close to the threshold. So, if I swap my Violet Ring for this ring, that puts me at exactly 3%. My hit is a little low, which sucks, and this is where I use the cape. And this is pretty much what I run in heroic dungeons and try my best to be hit capped, crit capped, and everything. So, like I don't actually have to run this ring specifically to be crit capped as you saw at the beginning of the video. I forget what else I had on for the combination to Oh, my neck. So, I had the choker on. And so, this is what I was using to have hit cap and just be a little under crit. So, this is what I do for heroics to crank and get more stuff. So, anyway, guys, I truly hope you this helps you provide some insight for where you would want to go. The Heavy Co'erhide is really, really good if you are just starting off. I would highly recommend you buy them. Be as thick as possible, but there are so many choices that you can go for early on and you're able to get like these the heavy Clefthoof. So, it's heavy Clefthoof legs, vest, and boots. I didn't replace those until I got Forest Walker, until I got these boots right here, and then I didn't replace the chest until the tier chest. So, I just sort of replaced them as I got them because these pieces are better, but those pieces are very thick. They help you get your crit cap, and then you can make up for it by getting other pieces elsewhere. So, it's just always a never-ending puzzle, and it really is super situational on what you get to get that crit down to fightable. So, this week, yesterday when I was fighting Gruul, I went in with this exact set and had the 3.28 chance uh of being crit, which is .28, and I actually got crit and crushed back-to-back, and I freaking died with him at like 5% HP. We didn't wipe. We ended up getting the kill, but it just, you know, you risk it for the biscuit. I chose to use this hourglass for higher DPS, higher threating trinket, and I got punished for it, and you know, I learned from that, and I definitely put on the Adamantite Figurine and was as thick as possible for Magtheridon, and we were able to get that down. So, it's just something very niche to Druid, and I know it sucks, but that's why I'm encouraging you to get so many options. Like, these are just all options that either have hit or resilience or hit and resilience, or they're just pure stats, and there's just so many options and choices that you can use and swap these around to make sure that you have that 3% crit done as well as you have 6% hit and as much expertise as you can afford. Like I said, I need like six pieces still to reorganize my entire gear set because like each piece that I were to put on now as I went over requires like some other piece to make it work very well. So, it's kind of like one piece requires six pieces and it is just a whole mess and cluster for feral druids, but when you're doing in-game dungeons, you're doing stuff, just pick up every piece that you see has some hit on it. Hit is the most important thing. Like these uh shoulders right here. Hit and then hit and agility. I even have the defense enchant on them. I have the defense enchant on these bracers all to get closer to that 3% defense cap as well as do the most pump. So, it's just druid is a never-ending door of constantly picking these upgrades. I know there are bis lists out there, but bis lists kind of ignore this. They say, "Oh, this piece is bis. You put it on." That's not really how TBC works and I really want to be clear and that was the inspiration for this video. So, I truly hope you enjoyed it and until next time, I'll see you later. Hope you have a great day. Bye-bye. Hey you. Yes, you. Are you still there? Well, I appreciate you for taking the time to watch this entire video and making it to the end here. If you enjoyed this video, definitely check out the other videos about World of Warcraft listed in these playlists down below and thank you again. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
