What's up everyone? I'm Milkman JP, and today we're ranking every spec for the healers now of phase three of The Burning Crusade Classic. Make sure you guys follow me over on Twitch at Milkman JP for all my live streams. I try to stream every night. Let's get started now. There's not a whole lot of healer specs, so this will be a quick video. All right, we're going to get started right into it with Holy Priest. I'm going to be putting Holy Priest into A tier. Holy Priest remain one of the strongest all-around healers. Pros: excellent raid healing, extremely versatile, strong emergency healing. The only issue with them is they can run into mana issues on long fights. And then going down to their counterpart, Disc Priest, I'm going to move Disc Priest into C tier. Disc Priest simply isn't designed for TBC raiding. It's strong single-target support. It's simply outclassed by Holy in almost every raid situation. Moving on to Resto Druid, I'm going to put Resto Druid into A tier. Resto Druids excel at keeping HoTs rolling across the raid and shine in sustained damage encounters. Excellent raid healing, Innervate, Battle Resurrection. Only con is they have a low burst healing. All right, moving on to Holy Paladin. I'm going to use this logo here for Holy Paladin. Holy Paladin is A tier. Holy Paladins are exceptional tank healers, the best tank healer by far by the all the healers. Um, incredible single-target healing, great mana efficiency with uh Wiz, and they bring blessings. All around great healer. Their only issue is they stuck as a raid healer. They cannot party heal, raid heal whatsoever. They only tank heal. Moving on to resto shaman and you know I'm going to do it. Shamans are huge in TBC. Shaman is going to be put into S tier. Resto shamans are among the most valuable healers in TBC because chain heal is amazing, especially in Mount Hyjal and bloodlust alone guarantees them a raid spot. Their pros are chain heals, bloodlust, totems, and they're extremely in high demand. Um the only issue is a limited mobility while casting. Not like a resto druid, they can't cast while moving. Other than that, resto shamans I'm going to put into S tier and that is going to wrap up our healing classes. Uh so that's my full tier six spec list for Black Temple and Mount Hyjal. Keep in mind, this is based on overall raid value, not just the healing meters. A great healer will absolutely outperform any other healer who is not great. So, play what you want still. Now it's your turn. What's the biggest hot take on this list? Did I rank your spec too high? Too low? Let me know in the comments. And if you enjoyed this video, don't forget to like, subscribe, and I'll see you in the next one.
