This is the most overpowered class in the upcoming Black Temple Burning Crusade raid. But there are other classes that are arguably just as overpowered and catching up really fast. And beyond the damage, suddenly out of nowhere, there were going to be some classes that are instant invites in phase three. We also can't forget about those sweet [music] warglaives, the most spectacularly overpowered weapon that you'll ever see in TBC. If your class gets them, you can be sure you're going to be absolutely broken. Let's talk the most overpowered classes in the ultimate phase three DPS tier list. Starting in the C tier, there was a spec that basically nobody in the Burning Crusade is playing. But all of a sudden, it does have a mini resurgence in phase three. We're talking about the Smite Priest. And it's not as crazy as it sounds. You have Divine Spirit buffing your entire raid and Power Infusion, which basically gives a mage a significant amount of extra damage. But it's really your damage that's the problem, because even when you factor in that extra damage from the PI, you're still going to be doing maybe 500 less damage than a warlock or a mage. And that really compounds even more on AoE fights. Still, when we're doing Hyjal trash farms, you can bet I'm going to be playing a Smite Priest. Also in the C tier, we can officially crown TBC's least known, least talked about, and least popular spec, the Holy Shockadin. Don't laugh, because it does get pretty significant resurgence in phase three. Not too much in Black Temple, but in Hyjal, where you could absolutely see a Ret or a Holy Paladin. They use a dual spec to switch in the spell power gear and absolutely obliterate the trash meters. Think about basically a Prot Paladin that has like 350 more spell power than a Prot Paladin, and they're absolutely destroying the trash every single pack. There are two fatal flaws, though. The first is that you basically have Prot Paladin levels of single target damage, so you got to respec on bosses or you're screwed. The second is that you're basically a melee mage. You are going to die a lot on the trash packs. But hey, you're basically a melee warlock with a seed set. It's pretty fun. Also in the C tier, we have a class everybody. 100% of the population is going to be bringing to the raids. Anecdotally, from my 11-hour Tempest Keep, we just failed one last night by the way, I can tell you that boomkins get the biggest pass of any class in terms of gear. People really don't care. They just want them for the improved fairy fire. I'd also note that boomkins always seem to be having fun when they play their class. Maybe it's because they've successfully fought off the dreamstate lobby, which only the very top guilds are running right now. But unfortunately, in phase three, you're going to spend less time on your boomkin doing big starfires and more time battle rezzing and innovating other players and buffing, which is probably not exactly what you signed up for. But hey, you're getting the invite and nobody's going to complain about your damage. Not a bad deal. Into the B tier, we have the ele shaman. And everybody thinks this class is pretty sweet. The thing is, they have a fatal flaw, and you're going to have to overlook it if you want to play it. Basically, ele shamans are coming off the glow of the peak of phase two. They carried on Lady Vash. Everybody who has an ele shaman in their guild looks at them with reverence and respect. Everybody is very grateful they're there. They're providing incredibly powerful buffs for the casters, the warlocks, the mages. But even though they're so beloved, even if you give them something like a Zhar'doom, they unfortunately just don't scale well compared to other classes. But maybe doing number one damage on an ele shaman is missing the point. Nobody is ever turning down an ele shaman. Meanwhile, there's another spec that is just going to be grateful to do literally any damage at all, because you're usually, unfortunately, forced to tank. We're talking about the feral druid, who are perhaps the gods of tanking in TBC. When you're not tanking, you can do something really fun. You can get pure DPS gear on and you can pump as a cat. A lot of the times when we have a cat DPS, they're near the top of the meters in our raids. But unfortunately, Black Temple is a significant step up in difficulty. That means the luxury of having a cat that sometimes tanks kind of goes away. Probably isn't going to just be a built-in cat spot waiting for you, if you know what I mean. Now, another spec basically nobody is talking about right now, but is actually secretly maybe a good idea to play in phase three, the fire mage. You look at the logs, and yes, on paper, they're just worse than arcane mages. But you go back to those old VODs from 2021, and a lot of the times the fire mages actually did kind of crank. Earlier today, I watched a fire mage VOD of Black Temple, and he was often out DPSing the arcane mage. Now, the question is, why would you play fire when you could just play arcane? Are there advantages? Are there reasons behind it? Because I couldn't really find anything substantial that would say, "This is why you should play fire over arcane." But maybe it's just preference. Feel free to let me know in the comments. And ending the B tier with a controversial class, we got to talk about the rogue. Anybody that thinks about rogue, they think about Warglaives in the Black Temple. And oh my god, it really is going to be incredible. Tens of thousands of players are thinking the same way. How awesome would it be to achieve your childhood dream of getting Warglaives in a rogue? You actually start to really perform on the meters, especially by Sunwell. You can dominate the arenas. Basically, anybody competent would get free glad essentially. But there is an obvious fatal flaw, which is that until the rogue has those Warglaives, they're pretty much the least desired spec in the game. There are so many rogues, tens of thousands, and so few raid spots. Pretty much only one per raid. But there will be a few that escape from hell, and they will get the Warglaives, and they will have an unbelievable amount of fun. And in the A tier, we start with the ret paladin. By all accounts in any DPS ranking, the rets are pretty awesome in phase three. Maybe you get a nice torch of the damned from Black Temple, and your damage is yeah, it's going to be pretty great. But when you watch a current Ret Paladin, they just don't seem like they're having that much fun. I watched the world record speed run for Tempest Keep with Alando, and he's normally number one damage. He does, you know, crazy damage on a warrior. But when he was playing his Ret, he was typically like 15th on the meter, and he was complaining the entire time about Windfury, about Ret. Early in phase three, I don't think that's going to be changing. But it will get stronger and stronger and stronger as the phase goes on. And we can't forget the Arms Warrior. There is a modern spec that has permanently changed TBC Arms, and really there's no going back. We're talking about the kebab spec. I see so many people playing this spec. It's basically just Fury Warrior, but worse with the Arms Warrior debuff. All of a sudden, you go from a dime a dozen super high damage warrior to basically being super desired, but, you know, doing less damage. And while you think, "Wow, what a sacrifice for this guy to get into the raid doing this?" Don't be fooled though, because just like any other warrior or rogue, they are desperately trying to get the Warglaives. And honestly, if you end up getting the Warglaives by being a nice guy Arms, it's a pretty smart move. Got to respect it. Then the Affliction Warlock, which on paper, yes, does less damage than Destruction. But you're not raiding without an Affliction. There's no question. The improved Curse of Elements and oh, okay, he just got Zhar'doom. Yeah, see you see the pattern here? The Arms Warrior gets the Warglaives, the Affliction Lock gets the Zhar'doom. They're just pretending to be helpful so they can take all the loot. You see how it is? Now, on to the Enhance Shamans, which on paper should do a lot of damage. But the average one, not not so much. Either way though, nobody will ever care because of a simple fact, which is a raid simply cannot function without Enhance Shamans. Enhance Shamans are basically the backbone of any raid. You can't have melee groups without Windfury. Plus there are a lot of guilds running two plus melee groups. If you try to start a raid without two and a half shamans at 2026, you are really making a huge mistake. The difference between a run that goes really smoothly and a run that goes disastrously, it often involves not having all those enhanced shamans. And in the same vein, we have survival hunters, which a lot of raids, surprisingly, don't even have one of. That's my raid included, too. Our plan for Black Temple is to just do a coin flip. One BM hunter is going to swap to survival every other raid. It just seems like people don't want to play survival. But, the difference is pretty minimal, and you are really helping the raid. So, it's a good choice if you want to get an instant raid invite. And now we land on the arcane mages, which, of course, on paper do the most damage in phase three. But, the reality is, who is giving them those innervates during progression? It's probably going to the holy priest, or, in the case of a council fight, the resto druids keeping it for themselves. So, are we really getting the support that arcane mage to do, you know, the on paper damage that is the highest in the raid? Probably every arcane mage is going to end up ooming during the fights, and they're not going to reach the level of awesomeness that people are expecting. Still definitely awesome, just not hundreds of damage above everybody else. Now, in the S tier, we have the BM hunters. It's the single easiest main to make right now, so if you want to play TBC, get yourself the 58 boost. You'll have your pet, you'll be crunching through mobs to get to 70, and then you have a class that is highly stackable in raids that people actually want to see. I would personally stack like six in every raid, but they do get kind of pissed off if you bring more than like three of them, you know, with gearing and all that. And then, at the very top, we have two specific classes, and we got to start with that fury warrior. Of course, it's going to be debated until the end of time. Should this class, the warrior, get the warglaives? Because everybody's asking. When it comes to cleave, yes, the warriors are superior, but when it comes to single target, the rogues are superior. Most importantly, though, I would say when it comes to the end game comp, you want to stack a bunch of warriors with warblades. That was the meta in 2021. You stacked them in Sunwell for progression, and once the raid was on farm, you stacked even more of them. There is no funner class, there is no bigger power fantasy. You will have the most fun per minute and the ultimate fantasy of being number one damage and being highly desired, too. And of course, there is the one big downside. There are too many warriors that all want to have what you want to have, too. And they're going to take the warblades, they're going to take raid spots. If you really want to secure those warblades, you might have to consider being a prot tank or being an arms warrior. You know, anything you can do to make it happen. And the number one class of TBC, the Black Temple phase three, it is the destruction warlock. Has there ever been a more overpowered version of any spec in any version of classic? We have a direct example from the content creator Sarth, who a couple years ago he sat down his fiance with his warlock in the middle of an Illidan fight. And all she had to do was keep pressing Shadowbolt. Over and over again she pressed it, and over and over again she climbed the meters until she was at the very top. At the end of this Illidan kill, this chick is literally number one damage having never opened World of Warcraft ever. Literally never. I really think that's all you got to know about warlock. If you play it and you have the gear, you're going to be number one. Everybody will be jealous of you, and you'll secretly have just been pressing one button the entire time. If you want to be the star in phase three, you should probably start leveling one right now. So, which class do you think is the star of phase three? And will you be jumping back into play? Let me know in the comments and also subscribe
