My previous video on the warlock created a bunch of productive and useful questions in the comments, and I figured I would actually teach you what my version of the warlock for TVC is. A full build into the Shadowbolt only warlock. The main question is, is shadowbolt only the most optimal way to play a warlock? H aside from pre-rade bestining slot, the answer is usually not. But as I showed in my previous video, the gap between actually doing a a fancy rotation or only shadowbolt is between 15 and and 25 damage. So it is not a DPS difference at all. And how could you mess up shadow bolt? In my opinion, unless you are going for an unironical 99 parts because you're that kind of person, you are doing yourself a disservice doing anything else than shadow bolt and shadow bolt and shadow bolt. So this build is going to reflect that. But yes, this is technically not the highest DPS uh build in the game by a difference of 15 DPS. So anyway, we're going to take improved shadowbolt. Duh. Then we are going to take Bane because we're going to do more shadow bolts. Then we are going to take Devastation for free crit. We are going to take destructive reach for more range. Right here we have a little bit of choice. I like taking shadoworn. It is like a quick execute. It is really not worth doing on cooldown unless the the boss is is gonna die you know in that very global or if you have to move. So for the people that were asking like what do you do if you have to move you do not dot okay because corruption is not instant. You need a talent for that and we are not going to take it but you can shadoworn and move for a global. So that's why we take shadoworn to move two more talents to spend. You can take either h intensity to resist interruption when you take damage. That's pretty pretty useful. Then we are going to take ruin. So our crease do double damage instead of 50% more damage. Absolutely crucial. And remember we are shadow bolt only. We do not use our brain to think things anymore. So we are not going to take improved emulate and we are not going to take conflrate. You can you you can give up on that idea in your head. No no no. And we are going to take cataclysm not the expansion. We are going to take all five points. There is nothing really good anymore to take. You can go for days aftermath, you know, days in them. I'm going to go for nether protection. Sometimes you're going to take fire damage if you stay if you stand on fire, you know, these procs and you become immune to fire. Uh, you know, if you're really stupid in Shade of Aran, this might save you 30% of the time every time. But but you can take days if you like the PvP nonsense, whatever you want to do. We're going to take one point. Uh, there you go. YOLO. And now we can take backlash. It is 3% free crit. And every time we get hit by a physical attack, we are going to get an instant shadow bolt. 3% crit is 3% crit. And we are going to need two more points. And we're going to take him on soul leech. Now, if you have a lot of gear, soul leech is not a good idea. Why? Because you can see the tool tip. Your shadow bolt has a 20% chance to give you 20% back of the damage as health. Now, that sounds awesome, right? Free health as a warlock, more mana. How could you hate on that? The problem is that warlocks have a lot of threat issues when they get a lot of gear. And healing is global threat. This will not be a problem for the majority of you people in here, I know. But if you have a lot of gear or if your tank is bad, you might want to consider taking something else. Two points somewhere else randomly and not take soul leech. Otherwise, for the overwhelming majority of warlocks, this is actually a really useful talent. It is also the main advantage you get by these two talents. Okay, you get nether protection and you get soul leachch. Those are the two talents you can take instead of emolate and conflate which we are not going to use. And finally, we are going to take five points in Shadow and Flame. This is the reason that Shadowbolt is a spec. Shadowbolt is a real spec. And this is the reason that Warlocks are so goddamn good. 20% extra scaling on your spell damage. That's right. Like out of your entire spell damage, you scale 20% flat of it. That's one of the most bonker scalings on any spell in the game. Just so you get an idea. Okay, Pyrolast has a 115% scaling, right? That sounds crazy, right? That sounds really good. Think about this. Shadowbolt has an 85% scaling plus the 20% you get from your talent. So, Shadowbolt has a 105% scaling. Shadowbolt as a 3 second 2.5 seconds sorry cast is a 105% scaling while pyrolast the big fat 6second spell is 115%. That's how crazy the scaling on shadow bolt is. Anyway, we're going to take two points on improved health stone. Everything else here is useless. We're going to take demonic embrace. I guess you can take whatever you want. It doesn't matter. Then we're going to take fail intellect. Free mana of course. We're going to take two more points in here in demonic embrace. Then we are going to take three points in fail stamina for more stamina. One point in fail domination. We gota waste another point. So we're going to go to armor. Then we are going to take master summoner to summon our pets quickly for whatever reason if we need to. There's nothing good here. We're going to take two more points in armor. And we got to waste one more point. So uh where is it going to land? Got it. Okay. Wherever you want to drop it, it doesn't matter. And here we are. demonic sacrifice. You sacrifice a succubus, you get 15% shadow damage. So, not only you got the second most bonker spell power scaling in the game, you got 15% multiplier on top of that. Again, somebody really messed up uh when they were making the TVC warlock. They wanted you to go down here, but we don't do that. And we take 15% more damage. Of course, we're going to take 15% more damage. Now we can talk about the stat priority. First of all, we got to get our spell heat cap. We do not get any heat from our talents. So we got to get 16% heat full nadi. That is 202 spell heat rating if you want to look it up. It's a lot of heat. Okay, but after that you got to stack shadow spell damage. Nothing comes even close. Shadow spell damage is the number one return on investment for any stat you can get. Even crappy green items with shadow spell damage are better than a lot of really good dungeon gear and even karasan gear. After that, we are going to take spell crit. After that, we are going to take intellect. And after that, we are going to take haste. Of course, one exception is the quagmire's eye. We are going to take that trinket every single time just because it is so goddamn broken. And I guess at the bottom of of that, you can put stamina. I guess you got to take stamina if you can. But intellect gives you crit. Now we're going to talk about the rotation. You you see there's a big button in there. Um you we're going to press shadow bolt. Yeah, it's pretty good. Actually, there is there is two little tips of nuance in here. First of all, don't forget you got to actually summon your so and sacrifice it to get the 15% more damage. We are not going to use a pet. But secondly, you want to drop your course. Whatever course the raid is lacking, uh you got to drop it. If you have the choice of dropping whatever curse because you got too many warlocks, you should do curse of doom because it does a cat trillion damage. If the mob is going to die faster than that, you can do curse of agony instead. We are going to do shadoworn when we have to move and you save shadoworn for when you get a move and you're going to be fine. Your red gem is going to be the runed gem for spell power. Your yellow gem is going to be the great gem for spell heat. Your blue gem is going to be the glowing purple gem. And your meta gem is going to be the chaotic skyfire diamond for 3% more damage on your crits. Your consumables are a little more straightforward because you actually want to use a flask instead of elixir. That's the flask of pure death for a whopping 80 spell power. Then our potion is going to be the destruction potion. H more spell crit and damage. Of course, you can take a haste potion. Some people do it if you pop it along your cooldowns or whatever. Uh, I cannot tell you when it becomes better to post to pop a haste potion over destruction potion, but I prefer destruction potion. Uh, you can mat it out if you want. Your food is going to be the blackened basilisk for 23 more spell damage. And your oil is going to be the superior wizard oil for the DD party and 42 spell damage. Overall, the shadow bolt warlock is going to do way more damage than any fancy thing you try to do. Not because it is theoretically the best damage, but because how could you possibly mess this up? You just can't. It's not happening. Oh, come to think of it, I forgot. Oh. Oh, silly me. Silly me. Medina, what's the AoE rotation? I will tell you how to do the AoE rotation before I go. Okay, so you see this seed of corruption spell. Okay, you got to you got to grab this icon, right? You got to drag it into your bars and you press it. And then you tap to another mob and you press it again. Isn't this class awesome? This is actually one of the the greater reasons why shadow is better than fire in reality. Even though the seems actually fire does more damage quote unquote, seed of seed of corruption is so unbelievably broken that even fire warlocks want to do seed of corruption. So of course stacking a bunch of shadow damage gear is going to give you more AOE too. And warlocks are uncost uncontested the best AoEers in the game. There are some classes that can come toe-to-toe with the shadowbolt warlocking single target DPS, especially later on with the glaes, but even even early on, arcane mages are unbelievably good. Fury warriors are not even that bad. They can go pretty close even before glaes. But this is without question the best AoE in the game. And it is also the main reason why you want to stack a bunch of warlocks. Not only because their single target damage is amazing, but because they do so much AOE damage and even if in the fights you don't need AoE damage, you actually do quite need a lot early on. Mteron is quite a bit of a hassle if you do not have good AoE. But the trash, man, the trash without a warlock feels so much worse. A warlock is going to do easily triple the DPS of any other class in AoE if given enough time to like pop three seeds. And every time a seed pops, it pops other seeds because it pops with damage, right? So if you have more than one warlock, they actually synergize with each other. And that's why seed of corruption is so unbelievably goddamn broken. They changed it for rat liking for a reason because it is broken. It is stupid. But now you have it. We are going to be streaming TBC every day on the Twitch. You can check it out down below. I am going to play a warlock myself and a pro paladin. The warlock is going to be my alt actually. Are you interested in a pro paladin guide? I don't know about that. And subscribe. Join the Discord. And thank you for watching.
