Hey dudes, Solofasold here back again with another TBC video. Today, I'm continuing my quick no-nonsense class guide series with a beast of [music] a tank, the highly agile and super beefy feral druid. Bears in vanilla were already solid with great threat, high armor, [music] and awesome utility. Well, in The Burning Crusade, they become even better, becoming the de facto main tank of many a raid team. Plus, they can swap into cat form and do solid DPS when their tanking isn't needed. A great bonus to rolling feral. So, if you want to be the one that tanks the big heavy hits while holding threat for days, join me and let's discuss the basics of how to play a feral druid in The Burning Crusade. As a feral tank, your job is simply to generate massive threat and take the big hits. In addition, you provide party members with leader of the pack, a buff that gives your entire party an extra 5% chance to crit with physical attacks. In raids, you're an amazing main tank for bosses, but you can also serve as an off tank that can easily shift to cat form and do solid DPS without changing talents or gear. But, more of that in future videos. In general, you're the best single target tank in the expansion. Now, let's talk about your talents. For PvE tanking, the go-to build is 0/44/17. This build lets you tank or DPS with ease depending on what your group needs. Here's the general path. Start in the feral combat tree with five points in ferocity to reduce the cost of your core abilities, then move down and put three points into feral instinct for greater threat, and three points into thick hide for greater armor. Fully max out the third and fourth tiers with two points in feral swiftness, one point in feral charge, three points in sharpened claws, two points in shredding attacks, three points in predatory strikes, and two points in primal fury. Then, move down and put two points into savage fury and one point into fairy fire feral. An important ability that allows you to pull from range and reduce the armor of your target without shifting out of form. Continue down the tree by fully maxing out everything except primal tenacity. That means five points in heart of the wild, three points in survival of the fittest, one point in leader of the pack, two points in improved leader of the pack, five points in predatory instincts, and one point in mangle. Once your feral tree is finished, head over to the restoration tree and put five points into furor for instant rage upon shifting into bear form. Five points in naturalist for 10% bonus damage, and three points in natural shapeshifter for cheaper shapeshifting. Finish this tree off by putting three points into intensity and one point into omen of clarity. An amazing talent that you'll want to have active on yourself at all times. There you have it. A standard feral build for both tanking and DPS in TBC. Next up, let's talk about your tanking abilities. When tanking as a bear, your single target ability priority is very simple. For the pull, always make sure that you have omen of clarity active as it'll aid you significantly in generating threat. Then, shift into dire bear form, use it and rage to get some rage pulled, pull using fairy fire feral, and then use mangle on cool down. Use lacerate until you get five stacks and maintain [music] five stacks on your target at all times. Cast mall if you have excess rage, but only if you have more than 15 rage when mangle is off cool down. And finally, make sure to put up and maintain demoralizing [music] roar if you don't have a warrior using demo shout, and keep fairy fire up, if you don't have a balance druid handling that debuff. AOE tanking is even simpler than that. Mangle the first kill target to get snap threat, and then just spam swipe. As you do so, tab through the enemies and use mall with any accessories you have. Feral AOE threat is not as strong as paladins, but is generally still very solid. Now, let's talk about your cool down and utility spells. As a druid, you've got several key utility spells and abilities. Barkskin is a great defensive at the start of encounters, but it shifts you out of dire bear form, and thus can't be cast while actually [music] tanking. Similarly, frenzy regeneration is basically just trash. Don't waste rage on it, unless your healer is dead, and the tiny bit of healing it provides might happen to help you survive long enough to secure a kill. Yeah, bear defensives aren't really that great. That said, bears also have bash, which stuns the target for 5 seconds, and challenging roar, which is your AOE taunt ability that makes all nearby enemies fixate on you for 6 seconds. When you're not actively tanking, you also have innervate, which can help a teammate to restore immense amounts of mana, as well as rebirth, [music] an in-combat res, which is always valuable. Next, let's talk about your stats. For bears, there's not really a set stat priority, or rather several stats that you'll want to blend for survivability and threat. For survivability, stack as much armor, stamina, agility, and defense or resilience as you can. Note that defense and resilience can be [music] combined to make your bear uncrittable, which is the only real goal for these stats [music] on druid tanks. You can also get dodge, but it's not as valuable as agility, which is both offensive and defensive. For threat, stack as much expertise and hit rating as you can. Note that it's very unlikely that you'll cap either stat while tanking. Strength, attack power, armor penetration, and agility are all also good for threat, but not nearly as important as hit and expertise. All right, let's talk about some great loot. As you approach level 70, there are lots of great early gearing options for bear tanks at end game. For starters, you can complete several quests for great rewards. By this point, you should already [music] have it, but if you haven't done so yet, complete the Hellfire Peninsula quest Colossal Menace to pick up the Idol of the Wild. The Steamvault's quest, The Warlord's Hideout, is super easy and rewards the amazing Helm of the Claw, an awesome starter helm for end game. Up in Netherstorm, you can complete the quest The Flesh Lies to obtain the Flesh Handler's Gauntlets, a great set of gloves despite their green quality. The expertise on these is just insane. Finally, Horde druids can head over to Nagrand and complete the quest chain beginning with A Visit to the Great Mother in Garadar. The final quest, Hero of the Mag'har, awards the Insignia of the Mag'hari Hero and Mag'hari Scout's Tunic, both excellent starter pieces for your neck and chest slots, respectively. While dungeoneering, keep an eye out for pieces of the Wastewalker set, an amazing set that is great for bear tank threat. And if you get exalted with the Cenarion Expedition, you can pick up Earthwarden, a god-tier pre-raid tank weapon for your bear. [music] If you'd rather go the profession {slash} auction house route, the Heavy Clefthoof set is pretty much best for survivability. And finally, once you start clearing heroics and earning badges of justice, save up 41 badges for the Bloodless Brooch and 25 for the Ring of Unyielding Force. Overall, it's pretty easy to get your bear geared up and ready to raid in TBC. >> [music] >> Last but not least, let's talk about your consumables, gems, and enchants. Starting off with consumables, you'll want to get elixirs of major agility for your elixir slot. You generally don't want to have a flask. >> [music] >> For food buffs, you want to either get spicy crawdads or fisherman's feasts for stamina. Or if you need additional hit, you can also eat spicy hot talbuk. On your weapon, you want to apply an adamantite weightstone since you don't benefit from windfury. And for your potion, get several iron shield potions. Lastly, get agility five, strength five, and armor [music] five scrolls. For your gems, you want to use delicate gems in red sockets, glinting gems in yellow sockets, and shifting gems in blue sockets. For your meta gem, there's no contest. Go with the Relentless Earthstorm Diamond. And finally, your enchants. On your helm, apply a glyph of ferocity. For your shoulders, apply either the greater inscription of vengeance if you're Aldor or the greater inscription of the blade if you're Scryer. The lesser versions are also fine. On your back, enchant greater agility. On your chest, enchant exceptional stats. And on your bracers, enchant fortitude. For your gloves, you can enchant either threat or superior agility, whichever you're better off with. And on your legs, apply a Nether Cleft leg armor or a Clefthide leg armor if you're a little bit cheaper. On your boots, enchant Boar's Speed for that movement speed increase. And on your weapon, enchant Major Agility. You should always have a two-hander. Lastly, on your ring, if you're an enchanter, enchant stats. So, >> [music] >> there you have it. A brief and simple overview of how to play a Feral Druid tank in The Burning Crusade. Stack stamina and expertise, spam Mangle and Lacerate, and enjoy being one of the most fun and powerful tanks in the entire [music] expansion. But, what about you guys? Are you tanking as a bear in TBC Anniversary? Or have you gone with something else this time around? Let me know in the comments down below. As always, if you enjoyed this guide, make sure to like, share, and subscribe for more quick TBC class guides and other videos in the future. We've got a lot more coming, and I hope to see you back here again very soon. But anyway, that's it for today. Thank you all so much for watching, and as always, take it easy, guys.
