Hey dudes, So I told this here back again with another TBC video. Today, I'm continuing my quick no-nonsense class guide series with every raid team's de facto tank healer. Blond-haired holy roller, that is the holy paladin. If you healed at all in classic, you know just how strong and mana efficient paladins were. Spamming flash of light endlessly [music] for the entire duration of every single fight. Well, in TBC, holy paladins continue this trend in throughput. So, after hitting those like and subscribe buttons, let's dive right in and go over how to play a holy paladin decently [music] in the Burning Crusade. Let's get into it. Let's start by talking about your role. Your job as a holy paladin is one of the simplest in the game. Keep the tank alive. No excuses. Holy paladins excel at single target tank healing. You are not a raid healer. You're the tank's best friend. Next, let's talk about the spec. For end-game dungeons and raids, holy paladins will generally run 45 11 5. Here's the general path that you'll follow. Start things off in the holy tree and put five points into divine intellect for a 10% boost to your intellect. Followed by five points in spiritual focus in the second tier. Move down to the third tier of the tree and put three points into healing light to boost your main healing spells, one point into aura mastery, two points into improved lay on hands, and just one point into unyielding faith. Continue down the tree and grab five out of five illumination, your big mana efficiency talent, and then put two out of two in improved blessing of wisdom for even more mana regen. Then, move down to the fifth tier and put a point in divine favor and three points in sanctified light for a 6% boost to your healing crit chance. In the sixth tier, put two points into purifying power and five points into holy power, respectively. Then move down and max out light's grace and holy shock. Finish off the holy tree with five out of five holy guidance and one point in divine illumination, an amazing mana efficiency cool down. Now move over to the protection tree. Our goal here is blessing of kings. To get there, put five points into improved devotion aura, two points into guardian's favor, and three points into toughness. Grab blessing of kings and move over to the retribution tree and put your last five points into improved blessing of might. Congratulations. You've gotten a great all-around healing build for every bit of PvE content in TBC. Now let's talk about your healing spells. As I've said in the previous videos, healers don't have a strict rotation. But holy paladins do have the easiest abilities to manage. For tank healing, use holy light for steady damage and have multiple ranks at the ready. Usually rank four or five for steady healing and rank 10, your max rank, for heavy damage recovery. Flash of light should be used to top up your target or spammed in case of emergency healing. Use only your max rank of this ability. Finally, holy shock can be used to heal a target a little bit while moving around, but otherwise you won't really use it much. Again, only max rank here. Also, while it doesn't really help with healing, make sure to judge a useful seal on bosses. Usually wisdom or light. These can be very helpful for your group throughout an encounter. If you find yourself assigned to group or raid healing as a paladin for whatever reason, you can spot heal with flash of light and by judging light on the boss. But generally, leave raid healing to the other healers. Holy paladins are single target specialists, so know your role and do it. Now, let's talk about your cool down and utility spells. [music] As you're no doubt aware, Paladins bring some of the strongest support tools in the entire expansion. And Holy Paladins have a ton of cool downs and utility spells to aid [music] their party. Divine Illumination is your capstone talent and it reduces the amount [music] of cost of all spells by 50%. Try to use it when you need to spam big heals. Divine Favor is another great talent that guarantees a crit on your next heal. This is great for emergency [music] situations. Lay on Hands will restore a target to full health, but it will drain all of your mana and has a very long cool down. So, use it wisely. Divine Shield makes you invulnerable and is great for moments when you need to get heals off or to keep [music] yourself alive. Cleanse is an ability that removes diseases, poisons, and magic effects from your party and should definitely be used regularly. Finally, you have tons of blessings including Kings, Wisdom, Might, Salvation, and Protection. Oh, and speaking of Blessing of Protection, make sure to have this at the ready. It can be a literal lifesaver when your warlock pulls threat. There are tons more abilities that Holy Paladins bring to the table. So, take a look through your spell book and consider each abilities niche uses. As a Holy Paladin, your stat priority [music] is pretty standard. First and foremost, you should look for healing power. But, closely following that is intellect. Spell crit is third followed by MP5 and eventually spell haste. Note that intellect increases your healing power thanks to the Holy Guidance talent. And spell crit improves your effective mana pool thanks to the Illumination talent. That all said, healing power is still your number one priority at all times. Next, let's talk about gear. As a healer, Holy Paladins don't need to prep too much gear at early end game. That said, there are some great early pieces for holy paladins that you can try to pick up. For starters, the priest dungeon set, the Hallowed Regalia, is full of healing power and gem sockets. So, while doing your normal end game dungeons, try to pick up some pieces. Speaking of dungeons, make sure to prioritize Auchindoun dungeons like Sethekk Halls and Shadow Labyrinth in order to get revered with Lower City. As you'll definitely want to acquire the Lower City Prayer Book. It's an amazing starter trinket with tons of plus healing. Also, you'll definitely want to run Botanica a few times to get your pre-raid BiS Libram, the Libram of the Lightbringer, from the first boss, Commander Sarannis. Even in phase two, this Libram should be with you at all times. It's a must-have. In terms of crafted gear, if you're willing to go tailoring, the Primal Mooncloth and Whitemend sets are great options you can consider picking up. Finally, once you start farming badges of justice in heroics, save up 41 and get the Essence of the Martyr. This is your BiS trinket and your very first priority with your badges of justice. That's pretty much it. Basically, run Botanica for the Libram, farm to revered with Lower City for the Prayer Book, and jump into T4 raids as soon as possible. Finally, let's talk about your shopping list. For your flask or elixirs, you should pick up either Flask of Distilled Wisdom, which is generally your best option, or Elixirs of Healing Power and Draenic Wisdom if you're on a budget. For your food, get Golden Fish Sticks or Skullfish Soup. Either one is perfectly fine. For your weapon oil, Brilliant Wizard Oil from vanilla is best, but Superior Wizard Oil works fine as well. Note that though the tooltips says spell damage on these items, they affect healing as well. And for your potions, keep several stacks of super mana potions in your bags at all times. For your gems, you'll want to run teardrop gems for red sockets, brilliant or luminous gems for yellow sockets, and royal gems for blue sockets. For your meta gem, prioritize insightful Earthstorm Diamonds. Lastly, let's talk about your enchants. For your headpiece, apply a Glyph of Renewal. For your shoulders, apply the Greater Inscription of Faith from the Aldor, but if you're Scryer, go with the Inscription of the Oracle instead. Either one is fine. For your back, you can enchant major resistance, but this is a pretty low priority. On your chest though, definitely go with exceptional stats. On your bracers, enchant major intellect, and for your gloves, enchant major healing. On your legs, apply a Golden Spellthread, or if you're on a budget, a Silver Spellthread will work just fine. For your boots, enchant Boar's Speed. On your weapon, enchant major healing, and if you have a shield, enchant intellect on it. Lastly, if you're an enchanter yourself, enchant your ring with healing power. So, there you have it. A quick and simple overview of how to play a Holy Paladin in The Burning Crusade. Keep your tank alive, buff your team with the right blessings, and use your cooldowns to manage your mana wisely. Do all that, and you'll enjoy being one of the most reliable tank healers [music] in the game. But what about you guys? Are you playing a Holy Paladin in TBC Anniversary? Or are you trying something else this time around? Let me know in the comments down below. If you enjoyed [music] this video or found it useful, make sure to like, share, and subscribe for more quick TBC class guides and other videos in the future. We've got a lot more time left in this expansion and I hope see you here again very soon. But anyway, that's it for today. Thank you all so much for watching >> [music] >> and as always, take it easy, guys.
