What's up everybody? Slash here, and in today's video, I want to talk about one of the newest crafting reagents we're going to be finding in phase three of TBC Classic Anniversary, and that is Hearts of Darkness. Now, in this video, what I want to do is I want to go over what they are, what they can craft, and what classes and specs will be really looking for them for either their best piece of gear or another really good alternative before they get something to drop out of Black Temple or Mount Hyjal. So, so without further ado, let's check it out. So, to get started, what exactly are Hearts of Darkness? Well, as I mentioned, they are used to craft a bunch of different pieces of gear across tailoring, leatherworking, and blacksmithing. And in fact, they are a reagent in nine tailoring patterns, 16 leatherworking patterns, and eight blacksmithing patterns. In all, they are reagent for 33 different items, including different pieces of shadow resist gear, bracers, and shoulders. Similar to the Nether Vortexes where, you know, some of the patterns are BOE and some are BOEP, this is sort of the same thing here with the gear that's crafted with Hearts of Darkness. So, you have the shoulders, which are going to be always be BOP, so you're going to need to be that profession if you want to use those shoulders. And then you have the bracers, which are BOE, so you don't need to necessarily be that profession. You can have somebody else in your guild craft them or simply just buy them off the auction house. Where do they drop? Well, they drop off of a bunch of different trash in both Hyjal and Black Temple. And according to Wowhead, the frost worms have the highest drop rate at 31%. So, before we dig into the classes and specs that actually care about these, what about the ones that don't really need to necessarily worry too much about it? Of course, there's always a caveat, right? Maybe you're coming back to the game late, you're digging back in, and you want to, you know, get some pieces of gear to get caught up. Of course, that's a different story, but in terms of the classes that, you know, these pieces of gear are going to be a little blow further down on the business you see at Wowhead or if you're checking out class discords and they're talking about them. That is the feral cats, the DPS druids, any hunters, prot paladins, and prot warriors. If you're any of those, you really don't need to worry too much about these in the gear that they offer in general. Now, let's dig into the classes and specs that do want to maybe keep these in mind as they go through the trash and will BT and Agile. First up, we have the resto druid. Shoulder pads of renewed life are going to be one that you're going to want to go after. They are your second best until you get your tier six shoulders. And then there's also the Swift teal wraps, which are going to be your best in slot bracers for this phase. There is, of course, the bracers of renewed life, which are pretty close, but really the Swift teal wraps have two more intellect, so they are only slightly better. As for the balance druid, you're going to want to go for those bracers of nimble thought. These are going to be your best bracers for the entire phase, offering that spell haste. Of course, there are some alternatives in Black Temple if you need the hit rating, but if you don't need the hit rating, then definitely go for the bracers of nimble thought. Next up, we have the feral bear druid, and I was really not even I really didn't even want to really include them here in this section, but I figured I would just in case. And that's the Swift strike bracers. The only problem with getting the Swift strike bracers is that you could just go get the season three honor bracers, you know, those two different ones that you could go and get, which according to Wowhead, it's going to be for just over 11,000 honor and 10 marks of Warsong Gulch. So, I really wouldn't worry about these too too much, but I figured I'd throw them on here just in case. Next up, we have the arcane mage, and two pieces that they could go after are the mantle of nimble thought and the bracers of nimble thought. But really, you could just go for the tier five shoulders off of Void Reaver, and at this point, I'm pretty sure any mage who's been raiding for even a couple of weeks probably already has these, so I threw them on here just in case, but again, tier five shoulders, just go for those. The other one, though, is the bracers of nimble thought, and these are going to be your best option until you can get the cuffs of devastation off of Rage Winterchill. Next up is the holy paladin, and for you, it's the dawnsteel bracers. Now, of course, you might have the Black fathom warbands off of Hydross, but I like the dawnsteel bracers a little bit more uh because of the haste. I know that you're going to be losing the socket, but the haste is nice. But, eventually you're going to want to upgrade these with one of the two bracers that drop off of Rage Winterchill, and those are the Blessed Adamantite Bracers and the Howling Wind Bracers. Next up is the Retribution Paladin. After looking at the light club Discord and going over to Wowhead, it is the Bindings of Lightning Reflexes that you're going to want to go after here. There are the Swift Strike Bracers as well, but again, these are both BoE bracers, so I would just really make sure to target the Bindings of Lightning Reflexes unless for whatever reason you're just super unlucky, you can't get the pattern to drop, and you don't want to buy them and you know, some extenuating circumstances, but in general, 100% go for the Bindings of Lightning Reflexes. Next up is the Holy Priest, and you're going to have the Swift Heel Mantle and the Swift Heel Wraps. So, the Swift Heel Mantle is good because over here at Wowhead, they offer a really nice description of it, mentioning that it is the highest value item for GCD cap situations cuz it comes with some haste. You know, the tier five shoulders off of Void Reaver, obviously going to you know, have that set bonus and whatever, but they don't have the haste, so Swift Heel Mantle is definitely one that's worth crafting. Though, eventually, of course, you're going to want to replace it with tier six. Next up, the Swift Heel Wraps. These are nice, but the ones off of Rage Winterchill do come with a socket and have some spirit. So, it really depends on what your situation is. If you're looking to for just, you know, to do the most healing possible, Swift Heel is probably going to be your best bet, but if you're looking for some regen, then it's the Bracers of Martydom. Next up, we have the Shadow Priest, and it's going to be the Mantle of Nimble Thought and the Bracers of Nimble Thought. But, for the Mantle of Nimble Thought, this is going to be your a great option till you get the tier six shoulders. And what's interesting too about these shoulders too is that if you know, you if you had tailoring and you were planning on dropping it, you could always keep tailoring, get these shoulders crafted, drop tailoring, and still be able to use the shoulders no problem. However, the Bracers of Nimble Thought are going to be your phase three BiS with that built-in haste. Next up, we have the Rogue, and you know, Swift Strike shoulders are good. The problem though is like, you know, I'm a rogue main, and I'm just not a leather worker. I, you know, I have engineering and enchanting, for example. So, I'm not in a position to craft these, but of course, you know, the tier six shoulder are going to be better. But, if you're a rogue that so happens to have leather working, these are a nice piece in the interim before you get tier six. Any of the swift strike braces, which are a great option to have until you get the insidious bands off of Teron Gorefiend. Insidious bands are just a lot better. You have that built-in hit rating. You also have the yellow socket, as well. Next is the elemental shaman. I'm going back to that mantle nimble thought and the and the braces of nimble thought. So, with the mantle nimble thought, these are nice off piece to have for your tier six setup in the event you are unable to get the legs out of Hyjal. My understanding and checking out Wowhead and also checking out the Discord, it seems what you want to do is have the tier six shoulders and the off piece being the legs from Mount Hyjal. But, this is a decent alternative in the event that you are unable to secure those. Then, there's the braces of nimble thought, which are going to be your phase three bis, offering up that haste. Although, there's no socket, there's still the phase bis. Next up are the enhancement shamans, and I would probably actually argue that this is the class and spec that maybe benefits the most from Hearts of Darkness because they're going to want to go after the shoulders of lightning reflexes and also the bindings of lightning reflexes. Now, the Wowhead guide lists this and swift strike shoulders as both being bis, but after looking at the shaman Discord, they seem pretty adamant about shoulders of lightning reflexes. So, I'm going to side with the shaman experts over there and I recommend those to the enhancement shamans out there. Then, there's the bindings of lightning reflexes, which are great. There's also some other braces that are extremely comparable, but these are lighter. Either just buy them or somebody gets the recipe and craft them. You don't have to wait for a drop and try to compete with other classes and specs for the other options. Next up is the resto shaman, and it's going to be the living earth shoulders and the living earth bindings. So, living earth shoulders are sort of similar to the elemental shaman in that these shoulders by themselves are going to be a really strong piece, but you do want to get those tier six shoulders for the set bonus. And then, as for the braces, you know, you have the living earth bindings, but there's also the swift heel bracers and the bracers of renewed life. These are all crafted using hearts of darkness and according to Wowhead, these are kind of this is kind of one of those situations where it really all depends on what drops for you because they all are pretty even in power because they all have 64 healing and they all have 28 haste. Next up you have the affliction warlock and the mantle of nimble thought is a good piece to have. However, there are several upgrades that you could get in this phase including the hate fury mantle off of a nether run and hydra, the blood cursed shoulder pads off of Gurtog Bloodboil in Black Temple and of course tier six shoulders off of mother. And then as for the bracers of nimble thought, these are going to be your phase three bis. The spell haste on them is quite quite appealing. As for the destruction warlock, it's kind of the same exact story as the affliction warlock. There's several of those same shoulders that I mentioned are going to be better options, but of course you need those to eventually drop and then yes, the bracers of nimble thought are going to be your bis as well. Next up is the fury warrior and I guess I'll I'll lump in the arms warrior here as well too. Because that's the bindings of lightning reflexes. Of course, these are going to be upstaged by the deadly cuffs off of rage winterchill. But it's also important to note as Byana puts here on the Wowhead guide that that wouldn't recommend wasting your raids hearts of darkness for a minuscule DPS increase using the bindings of lightning reflex over bracers from the previous phases. So if you're in a situation where you can get them and it's really not affecting your raid too much or whatever, then absolutely go for it. But in general, you can just stick with you know, like bracers of eradication from Lurker and eventually get those deadly cuffs off of rage winterchill. So all in all, if all things are equal, which classes do and specs do I believe benefit most from these hearts of darkness and the gear that can be crafted for them? I believe it's the enhancement shaman. You know, you're going to be getting two pieces of bis gear and really any of the other shaman specs, the elemental and the restos, they could definitely use them as nice off pieces for you know, their tier bonus in case they can't get another piece of gear to drop. But But also like the rep paladin here too for the bindings of lightning reflexes as a best piece of gear. And finally, as mentioned, these can also be used to craft various pieces of shadow resist gear. So, maybe if you're having trouble with Mother Shahraz, or maybe you're getting by or but you just want to have a little bit extra that makes the fight that much easier, these can be picked up once you reach different levels of reputation with the Ashtongue Deathsworn such as friendly and honored. So, you can go ahead and hit those benchmarks, go in to the vendor, pick up these and craft them. But that does it for my guide here on the Hearts of Darkness including what they are, what you can craft with them, who I think benefits the most from them, and the classes and specs that can utilize them. But with phase three on the way, you want to make sure that you're prepared. So, if you're still preparing for phase three and you need a guide on how to do so, check out the video on screen now. And until the next one, I'll see you later. Peace.
