What's up, everybody? / here, and in today's video, we're going to be discussing tier six token and loot priority because this is obviously going to be a big decision come phase three on August 27th when Black Temple and Mount Hyjal are released. Of course, as we saw in phase two, we did get an extra piece of tier off bosses that drop tier and an extra epic off of bosses that don't drop tier, so I expect it to carry over. So, loot and tier will be going out pretty quickly, but nonetheless, you want to make sure that these are going to the best possible places. And of course, it goes without saying, but obviously pick player over class every single time, but this is assuming all things are equal how I would rank them as a GM, which I am the GM of the guild <expletive> city on the Darkspear server, if you haven't heard. So, in this list here, I have three tier lists. We're going to go over each of them and how I would distribute them assuming all things are equal. And before we dig in, these are the new class groupings for the tier tokens cuz they do change here for phase three and tier six, and that is Forgotten Conqueror, our Paladin, Priest, Warlock. Forgotten Vanquisher is Druid, Mage, Rogue. And Forgotten Protector is Hunter, Shaman, Warrior. So, with that, let's dive in to the Conqueror set and see who should get it first. Leading things off at the top of my Conqueror priority is going to be the Protection Paladin. The four-piece bonus is going to be pretty substantial. It's going to be increasing your consecration damage by 10%. So, with that, not only is that obviously additional damage, but more importantly for that Prot Paladin, it's going to be even more threat from an ability you're going to be using constantly. Additionally, the itemization across this tier six set for Prot Paladins is awesome, balanced really well for both threat and mitigation. And with this setup, the go-to off piece for like a more mitigation-focused setup is going to be the face plate of the impenetrable from Illidan. So, between the strength of that four-piece, the itemization, and the overall importance of your Protection Paladin in your raid, because for a lot of raids such as mine, they are going to be the go-to tank on bosses, while the Druid tanks go cat, this is going to be the first place that I'm going to go to complete this set. So, here we have the Demonology Warlock. I'm just going to go ahead and put them in the NA category because demonology is not really a spec that's going to be played a ton. Don't worry about them. Coming in at number four is going to be the holy paladin and I really like this set. I mean, the two-piece is going to be awesome because it increases your crit chance on your holy light by 5%, which in turn will give you back some more mana thanks to the illumination talent. The four-piece is solid as it increases healing from your flash of light, which is a nice little bonus, but it isn't anywhere near as good as the two-piece. Like, here's the thing, right? Like, if there were more haste-based pieces, I would just go with two-piece here for the holy paladin, but since there's really nothing like that until Sunwell, the four-piece is adequate, but that's more so because those are the best pieces that are going to be available, but it's really that two-piece bonus that's going to drive this home. Additionally, I was also looking at the light club discord and there are two kind of sets you can go for here, which is more of a pure healing gearing setup, which is going to be going to be going for four-piece with the off piece being the leggings of eternity. Then, there's also like a more int-based set, which is going to be three-piece with the off pieces being those leggings of eternity and the botanist gloves of growth. So, holy paladin coming in at number four. Next up is the discipline priest and I'm going to go ahead and put them in NA. I mean, there's probably some niche, you know, circumstances where they could be useful, but in general, nobody's really playing full-time discipline. Next up is going to be warlocks and I will put affliction and destro both at number two here cuz according to one of my guildmates who mains a warlock and is one of the better affliction warlocks in all of my server on Dream Sythe. Four-piece tier six is going to be about a 90-ish DPS increase for affliction and around 180 for destruction. So, for that four-piece bonus is going to be amazing because what it does is it increases your shadow bolt damage by 6%, which as you know with warlocks, you're spamming shadow bolt all the time. So, this is going to be sort of a situation kind of similar to hunters in tier five where you really want to start, you know, slamming somebody with that set. You know, you don't want to like give with somebody one piece, another person one piece. Like, I would just fully commit to one warlock like, "Okay, you're getting the first batch of tier gear. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Here you go." And then you move on to the next person. So, yeah, that completed set up is really going to be where this tier set shines. The two set is really nothing to write home about, but the four set is going to be amazing for your warlock's damage. So, here we have the shadow priest. I'm going to go and put them at number three cuz of course this is a class that isn't going to be, you know, pumping a lot of damage or super high priority on a lot of pieces of gear, but you know, for them you do want to get that four piece set up with the ideal off piece being the leggings of channeled elements off of Kaz'rogal. But there is another quality leg option if you know, you're lower on priority for that and that is the leggings of devastation off of Mother Shahraz. So, the two piece bonus with shadow priest is going to increase the duration of your shadow word pain by three seconds, which is pretty solid. Like I was looking at some of our shadow priest logs in SSC and again, I didn't do like a full deep dive into everything, but I consistently kind of noticed that shadow word pain was about 20% of his overall damage. So, that was cool to see. And then the four piece is a flat 10% increase on your mind blast damage, which once again, you know, I was looking at all 10 boss kills from SSC and TK. There was about 460,000 damage from mind blast. So, you do 10% increase. Again, it's a nice little chunk of damage there. Obviously, they're not going to be pumping too too much, but this is a nice way to kind of give them something a little bit higher than some other classes as they are lower on priority traditionally and a super helpful mana battery for your raid. Next up is the ret paladin and and they're actually going to go in the doesn't use category because the thing with the ret paladin is that you're not going to want to use any tier six really. Like your best set up is going to be starting with helmet, Crown of Destruction of Sargeras from Illidan, Shoulderpads of the Stranger from Hydross, Midnight Chestguard from Archimonde, Gloves of Sealing Grip from Al'ar, and the Bow-Stitched Leggings from Azgalor. So, if you're a ret paladin, you You have to worry about tier six whatsoever. And so maybe hey, maybe you can start lobbying for that Cursemourne of Sargeras. I don't know that's an option. Maybe start Maybe start whispering in your loot council's ear about that. Next up is the holy priest, and this is an interesting one, and they're going to obviously go at number five here. The reason why is because the overall set bonuses for holy priest are not very good. They involve bonuses to your prayer of healing and greater heal, which are two spells that are like barely ever used by your holy priest. But, this is a nice set simply because of the pure stats and healing that are on them. All right, now that forgotten conqueror is out of the way, let's move over to forgotten vanquisher. So, to start here we have frost mage. We're going to have to put them in NA. Nobody's going to be playing frost mage. Fire mage, I'm going to also put them in NA. We'll see fire mages come in to the picture a little bit later, but not right now, so they are NA for now. As for the arcane mage, hey man, you're kind of in the same boat as the ret paladin. You're not really going to want any tier six whatso- -ever. In fact, you're going to be sticking to tier five because of how powerful that set bonus remains, with the off piece being the leggings of channeled elements, of course. But, of course, if you can't get the leggings of channeled elements, you could always go for the tier six legs as a nice off piece. But, really as an arcane mage, don't worry about tier. They're going to be at my number five spot. Next up we have the combat rogue, and listen, I know that I'm a rogue main, but there is no bias here. The tier set bonuses for rogues is amazing, with the two set increasing the haste from your slice and dice by 5% and the four piece increasing your sinister strike damage by 6%. The ideal setup here is going to be obviously the four piece tier, but the off piece being Cursemourne of Sargeras. Good luck with that. It's going to be a heavily contested piece. But, this is an amazing, amazing tier set for rogues, but they are not my number one. I'll put them at number two. As for assassination rogue, same thing here with the NA. Nobody's playing assassination rogue. And the same goes for subtlety rogue. This isn't arena. This is raiding, okay? Nobody's playing subtlety in raids. Next up, we have the feral druid and this kind of lumps in with cat here. It's kind of a unique one. As for feral bears, you're probably going to primarily go for really five pieces of tier six. There are some off pieces that you could go for in certain circumstances. That's the thing with bear. It's kind of a you know, there's a there's a lot of nuance with their gearing, of course, as you probably know if you play a bear. But the two-piece bonus is going to increase your threat generated by mangle by 15% and the four-piece increases the damage from rip, swipe of ferocious bite by 15%. Of course, primarily which I'm talking about there is swipe, but it's overall a massive set for your bear. And of course, with them being a tank, I'm going to go ahead and put them at the number one spot. As for feral cat, it's it's a little bit more complicated, but overall the TLDR here is that you're going to be going for four-piece while continuing to use wolf head's helm. There's going to be various pieces that you can trade around while building this set, but here's another important consideration. You want to make sure, obviously, that your cat druid is somebody who also tanks. If that's the case, I would go ahead here and put them in the number one spot because they're kind of in that warden role if you're looking at Warcraft logs. Somebody's going to be swapping between the two specs. And of course, for cat here, the two-set is going to be reducing the energy cost of your mangle by five. And then once again, obviously, the four-piece is going to be increasing your damage from rip, swipe, and ferocious bite by 15%. If you're a person who is solely cat and they're not moving off cat, they're like, "Hey man, I'm not tanking whatsoever." I would go ahead and put them below the combat rogue. But for somebody who's playing more of that warden hybrid role who is going to be your third tank when you need one, I would put them right alongside your bear druids. So next here, we have the resto druid. And really, the ideal setup for them is going to be three pieces of tier six. It's going to be helm, shoulders, and chest. They're going to be coming in at number four here for me. The two-set bonus is going to be be nice because it reduces the cool down of swift mend by 2 seconds, but the four-piece isn't going to be nearly as important or as valuable because it affects Healing Touch, which isn't an ability that resto druids use a ton. So, really that third piece that you're going for is going to be worn strictly for the stats, but overall, if I had to say which two are the best, the chest and the shoulders are going to be the ideal first two pieces to go for, while the Cowl of Benevolence off of Teron Gorefiend and the tier six helm are fairly close. So, if you can go ahead and get your hands on that, that's totally fine, and then you can wait till getting the tier six helm after your other druids and your rogues are all set. Number three, I'm going to go with boomkin. This is another one kind of similar to shadow priest, where they're kind of lower on priority for a lot of pieces of gear, but the tier six bonus for boomkins is massive, including both the two-piece, which makes Moonfire last 3 seconds longer, while the four-piece increases Starfire damage by 5%. In this setup, the preferred off-piece is going to be the leggings of channeled elements. And of course, as there is with several casters here, those are going to be heavily contested. So, if you would do want to get something else to fill in that spot while waiting for a leggings of channeled elements, or you're simply not able to get your hands on one, just go for the five-piece tier six and call it a day. All right, Forgotten Vanquisher is done. Now, we have the Forgotten Protector token. Leading things off here is the enhancement shaman, and they're going to go into the doesn't need category because like a fellow twister DPS in the ret paladin, the enhanced shaman is not going to need tier six whatsoever. In fact, at full phase three BIS, you won't have a single piece of tier six. Those slots are going to be filled by Cursed Vision of Sargeras from Illidan, one of the crafted shoulders, whether that's the Lightning Reflex Shoulders or Swift Strike, Midnight Chest off of Archimonde, the Fists of Mukoua off of Najentus, and the Bow-Stitched Leggings. So, enhancement shamans, don't worry about tier six whatsoever. As for the elemental shaman, it's going to be a different story than your melee DPS counterpart. Here, you're going to be wanting four-piece tier six, with the off-piece being, once again, leggings of channeled elements, thanks to those three sockets and the stats. But, if you're lower on priority on that, the tier six leggings, so going five out of five is totally fine. In fact, on fights that lasted about 180 seconds on average, give or take five seconds, and across 100,000 iterations over on WowSims, and using the stock settings from the WowSims, and enchanted rings, the DPS difference between those tier six legs and the leggings of channeled elements is about 20 DPS, which isn't negligible, don't get me wrong. I mean, that's definitely a nice little chunk, but given the competition you'll be facing, the tier six leggings are going to be a nice alternative. The tier set bonus for elemental is awesome. The two set bonus is going to give you 15 MP5, 35 spell crit, and up to 45 spell damage when you have all four totems down. And then, also, at four piece, it's going to be 5% damage on lightning bolt. So, the two set, getting all four totems down, I know that can be kind of a pain, especially if you have to move, and there's a little bit more mobility on certain fights, or whatever, but that's an awesome set bonus. But, really, that four piece, the 5% flat damage to lightning bolt, is awesome. Coming in at number three is going to be my resto shaman. Resto shaman is going to be looking for four piece tier six with the botanist gloves growth from Teron Gorefiend as the go-to off piece. The bonuses here are very straightforward. The two piece is going to reduce the mana cost of your chain heal by 10%, and the four piece is going to increase the healing by chain heal by 5%. So, you get the best of both worlds with this tier set, because you get both great throughput and great efficiency. Same spell, it's a great, great tier set overall. Next, we have the prot warrior, and this one's an interesting one. There's a major caveat here. So, if you have a protection warrior that is serving as your main tank, I would put them at number one. You want to get their two piece. But, here's the interesting thing with prot warriors. You're not going to be going for the protection warrior tier pieces. Instead, you're going to be going for the tier six shoulders and legs from the DPS tier six set. The remaining slots are filled with various off pieces. For example, the helm, you get the season three PvP helmet for threat or face plate of the impenetrable for more mitigation. You have the season 3 PvP chest which is the best overall option while the gauntlets of enforcement from Tyrant Gorefiend are the ideal gloves. There's some other alternatives too such as gloves of searing pain from Alar, Pillager's Gauntlets from Black Temple Trash or even the Royal Gauntlets of the Silver of Silvermoon excuse me from Kael'thas. So overall, the actual protection warrior tier 6 set is not going to be used but if this is your main tank get that two pieces of the fury tier set quickly because once again I like to get the tanks as much gear as possible. And as an added little bonus those two pieces you're going to be going for which are going to be the shoulders and the legs. Not only does the legs have hit rating on them but both of these have armor penetration which is going to be really really nice for threat. Reason why I'm giving this caveat for protection warriors is because my guild we don't run a protection warrior. In fact, you know, I guess I'm you can call me a slave to the metal whatever but I just wanted to lay all that out. Protection warriors two-piece tier 6 it's going to be two fury pieces though not protection pieces. Next up we have fury and arms warriors and I'm going to go ahead here and put them as co-number ones with prot and I'll dig into all of the nuance. So for your fury warriors and your kebab arms warriors which I know that maybe not many people are running kebab arms warriors right now. It's mostly two-handed arms warriors which I'm going to be getting into shortly. The ideal setup for fury warriors and kebab arms warriors is going to be the two-piece tier 6 with the off pieces being the cursed vision of Sargeras off of Illidan and the grips of silent justice off of shade of A'lar that's going to be your best case scenario. However, in talking to the warriors in my guild four-piece tier 6 is going to be just as competitive and you don't have to worry about waiting for priority on cursed vision of Sargeras or waiting for it to drop. Because what the four-piece does is it gives you an extra 5% damage on your blood thirst and your mortal strike so it's extremely competitive. Now as for the two-handed arms warriors, you're going to be wanting the four-piece tier six no matter what with the off piece being the leggings of divine retribution. So, the reason why I put them all as code number ones is because if you have a prot warrior that's your main tank, you obviously want to hit them with the two-piece tier six as soon as possible, the two fury pieces. If you don't have a prot warrior, I would then go to the fury warrior. And then after the fury warrior, I would then go to the arms warrior. So, in essence and really as I'm talking it out here, in essence the prot warrior and the fury warrior are code number one with arms being number two. But, just for the sake of how even they are, I would just put them all as code number ones. Make sure to handle the warriors first. Next up is the beast mastery hunter. And for beast mastery hunters, you're going to want four-piece tier six. And the two pieces that you'll want fastest, ideally to break your tier five set bonus, is going to be shoulders and gloves. From there, the four-piece bonus is going to increase your steady shot damage by 10%, which is going to be a nice bit of extra damage. And the ideal off piece is the curse vision of Sargeras. They come in at number two. I would then put survival hunter as your code number two cuz you're kind of in the same boat as the BM hunter. But, instead of the preferred off piece in this setup is going to be the bow stitch leggings off of Azgalor as it grants that 42 raw agility, which is going to benefit the entire raid thanks to the expose weakness talent. Finally, the marksman hunter, they're going to be NA. Nobody's playing marksman. So, to recap, for forgotten conqueror, I'd go prot paladin, then your warlocks, followed by your shadow priest, your holy paladin, your holy priest, and your ret paladin doesn't use it whatsoever. The forgotten vanquisher, I would go with your druids, your feral druids first, followed by your combat rogue, then your boomkin, then your resto druid, then your arcane mage, maybe that one piece if they need it. And then finally, forgotten protector, a little bit of nuance here, but really you want to make sure you're hitting your warriors first with the priority starting with protection warrior if that is your main tank followed by fury and then arms. From there it's going to be your beast mastery and your survival hunters, then your resto shaman, your elemental shaman, your enhancement shaman doesn't need it. So okay, I know that was a lot to dive into there. I hope that makes sense. If you have any questions, feel free to leave them in the comments below and hey, if you're wondering about priority on hearts of darkness which are going to drop out of these phase three raids Maul of the Jade Serpent and Black Temple and you want to know where you should be sending those first for the most upside, click the video on screen now. Till the next one. I'll see you later. Peace.
