Yo, what's going on everyone? It's You Look Upset and I'm coming at you with a quick little protection guide for SSC TK phase two TBC anniversary servers. I get asked quite a few questions, whether it be on my stream or from random [music] prot warriors who see me at the top of the prot warrior leaderboards. Questions whether it be rotation or which bosses you can dual wield on, that sort of thing. So, I'm going to make this guide, a short and sweet little guide about prot warriors and going over talents. I'll give a quick rundown of stat priority, both offensive and defensive. I'll give a quick rundown of the rotation for you guys. I'll talk about gearing a little bit and I'll give a quick little rundown of consumables and that sort of thing. So, that being said, let's jump right into it. I'm going to start first by going over talents. This is your basic protection cookie-cutter prot warrior build, especially in post-nerf content, all the way down to devastate. I feel like you really don't need three points in shield mastery. You can just do one point to move into the next tier and then pump two extra points into cruelty so you can have three points in cruelty and then all the way down to the bread and butter of impale. With impale, you are absolutely cranking threat per second, especially when you are dual wielding. In my opinion, there is [music] no other class that can pump out as much damage and as much threat as a dual wielding protection spec warrior. It's super fun to play, it's super [music] easy to play, and we'll get into that in a little bit. So, from there, we will jump into quick little stat priority. Now, as a protection warrior, you're going to want to go with 6% hit if you have a boomkin and [music] he's a gamer putting fairy fire on the bosses for you with 100% up time. If you don't have a boomkin, let's say you play in a more casual raid or you pug a lot and you don't have a boomkin in your raid or they're just not a gamer putting up fairy fire, then you want this number to say 9%. In a perfect world, you want 6%, but if you don't have a boomkin and fairy fire, you want 9%. As a protection warrior, you can see all the gear in my bags. You want to just make sure that you carry around a gear set for both. >> [music] >> So, if you're doing a 10-man or whatever and you don't have a boomkin, it's always nice to throw on the gear with extra hit and you have 9%, so you're always capped. Now, the next stat and the most important stat, in my opinion, after your hit rating is expertise rating. Now, I see a lot of warriors almost forego this stat or don't really prio it at all and that is a huge mistake, in my opinion. Especially in post-nerf content, you can get away with going much less mitigation. The bosses are pretty easy. They don't hit nearly as hard, even dual-wielding on most of the bosses, and you can gear for expertise here. Now, what expertise is going to do, it reduces your chance to be dodged or parried by 6.5%, which completely takes dodges and parries off of the table. And this does two things. The boss can't dodge or parry your attacks, you are just ranking threat, which is great if you have a raid full of pumpers behind you. They don't have to worry about ever pulling threat off you and they can just pump to their hearts content. It also removes parry haste from [music] the table. If the boss can no longer parry your attacks, he can't be parry hasted and it it mitigates those huge damage spikes that can come out if you parry haste the boss and it relieves a lot of pressure, your health pool, and a lot of pressure off of the healers. After that, I do see a lot of warriors who stack [music] stam after these two, but uh in my opinion, I think agility is the third best stat on the uh stat priority list. Agility is like one of those triple threat stats. It does a lot of things for for It gives you more crit, which is phenomenal for pumping out more threat. >> [music] >> It gives you more armor, which is great for mitigation, and it gives you more dodge, which is amazing for mitigation, especially if you are wearing more of a threat set, then you want as much agility as you can get because if you're pumping other stats like strength [music] and critical strike rating, then you lose a lot of dodge on the tanking gear if you're swapping those for threat gear. In my opinion, you want to go hit rating, expertise, then agility, then stam, then strength, and then crit. If you follow that stat priority and your healers are gamers, you can absolutely crank threat and damage on these bosses in phase two. And I'll go over which bosses you can get away with dual wielding. So, that's your offensive stat priority. Now, I will get into the defensive stat priority. I use this extended character stats add-on, and it tells me exactly what stats I need. Your number one defensive stat priority that you're looking for is to be what's called uncrittable. And what you want to do is get this melee crit reduction to 5.6% or higher. Now, you you cannot main tank or off tank in any raid, heroic, 10-man, whatever it is, unless this is 5.6% or higher. Once this is over 5.6%, you are uncrittable. If you don't have extended character stats add-on, you can calculate this stat here by adding your resilience. You can see reduces periodic damage and chance to be critically hit by 2.87%, and then take the same number from your defense, decreases chance to be hit and critically hit by 2.88%, and add those together, which comes out to 5.75%. We will jump right into the rotation. Now, the rotation for dual wielding is very, very, very simple. There We don't have target dummies in vanilla or TBC for some weird reason. I don't know why they can't just add these in, but I will use this uh mob that cannot die over here to give you [music] a quick breakdown. So, if I'm dual wielding, I like to start with just a devastate for that snap threat, right? Once you have snap threat, and you get your five sunders up until your rogue can put up expose armor for the raid, you're just spamming devastates with heroic strike queued the entire time. And this is basically the entire rotation. Once you have a a huge threat lead, make sure that you keep thunderclap on the boss. Through talents, we do have improved thunderclap. This is a lot of mitigation, a huge debuff to put up on the boss. If you don't have an arms warrior, you can also put up demo shout. So, I have an arms warrior in my raid who is a giga chad. Shoutout to you, Craig. Since he goes down the fury tree anyway, he specs into improved demo shout. He gets an extra 40% on his demo shout, so he keeps up demo shout for me, which is a huge bonus. But, if you are in like heroics or a 10-man, and you don't have somebody putting it up for you, then you want to make sure that you thunderclap and demo shout once you have the threat lead. You want to use revenge when you get a proc. When a mob is hitting you, especially a boss, you will pretty much have unlimited rage. You're going to keep heroic strike queued the entire time while spamming devastates. And this is This I mean, look. Look at this damage when you are dual wielding. The damage is insane, and I don't have any I don't even have any CDs popped right now. Keep up thunderclap, and you are just keeping heroic strike queued and spamming devastates, revenge when you get a proc. That's the whole rotation. If there's two targets like this, by the way, instead of heroic striking, you want to keep cleave queued and still spam devastate. So, it's the same rotation. If it's single target, heroic strike. If there's multiple targets, cleave and spam devastates. Once all the debuffs are on the boss, you have a huge threat lead, and they call for lust, I will pop my recklessness macro, and this is what it's going to look like when you pop recklessness, and you just start cranking threat. You're going to pop the macro, I like to throw out a couple attacks, a whirlwind, and then jump back into D stance, and just continue the rotation. Now, look at this damage when you have wreck popped. There is no way anybody is pulling threat off of you. You have all your CDs popped, and you are just absolutely cranking damage and cranking threat into the mob. That's the dual wield rotation, and I will toss a shield on, and then I will show you rotation when you are wearing a shield. Now, the rotation is basically exactly the same. You want to get snap threat with devastate, keep heroic strike queued if you have the rage, and then you are just going to use shield slam on CD, revenge when you have a proc, keep up thunder clap. If there's multiple targets, same thing, you're going to cleave, shield slam on CD, and that is the entire rotation. Very easy, very simple, easy to replicate, and you will be cranking threat for your raid. One question I get asked quite a bit is why, if you look at my bars, you don't see shield block anywhere, right? Well, what a lot of people a lot of warriors don't know is that shield block is off the GCD. So, I don't need to have shield block anywhere on my bars because when I have a shield on, I just macro it in to my most spammed abilities like you can see my devastate, I have shield block macroed in. Shield slam, I have shield block macroed in. And revenge, I have shield block macroed in. It completely takes the human error out of it. It's up all the time. As you can see, it's just you can just set it and forget it. You will never miss a shield block if you have it in your macros. And all my macros will be available to you guys in my Discord. I will put that link in the description. Or I usually try to stream five days a week at ttv/youlookupset. You guys can come by and say hey, what's up, chill, and vibe with the boys. If you have any questions, I'll answer them as well and you can get any of my macros or weak auras or whatever it is you're interested in and we'll get that knocked out for you. [music] We've gone over talents, we've gone over stat priority, offensive, defensive, and we have gone over the rotation. So now I will jump into the consumable checklist. So as you can see, as a prot warrior, you are going to have a metric ton of gear and consumes [music] in your bag. If I am the main tank, I will always have a scroll of strength popped. I will always have a scroll of agility popped. I will always have a scroll [music] of protection popped. It can go one of two ways. You can either do flask of the of relentless assault if the boss does not hit very hard. For example, like Hydross, that boss cannot crush you, so I'll pop a flask. I will keep a adamantite sharpening stone on my [music] off hand. When I'm dual wielding, I will use the strength food [music] for more threat. In my frost resistance here, I don't have quite enough hit. So, I have to supplement with the hit food instead. So, depending on what set of gear you're in, want to use strength or hit. Stam is also not bad. I keep stacks [music] of each depending on the situation. When you pop lust, if you pop wreck on the boss, you can pop a haste potion and you are absolutely cranking threat. Now, if it's a boss that you need mitigation for like [music] Tide Walker or Karathress, for example, even a Lar, a Lar slaps as well. Iron shield potions are also [music] very good. So, depending on your rating environment, I would use iron shields or haste potions if you are having trouble holding threat. For professions, I go blacksmithing. I think Dragon Strike is the absolute best weapon for threat. Also, it's really nice to have super sappers for that snap threat on big AoE packs and snap threat on bosses. I think blacksmithing and engineering are [music] best professions, especially if you PvP. Also, then you get access to stun herald, >> [music] >> which is an insane weapon. And now I'll jump right into a little bit of gearing. So, this week, I did get my four-piece. The proc on the four-piece, you have a chance each time you are hit to gain 200 haste rating, which is an absolutely insane proc. I haven't tried it yet. I'm going to try it this week. It says it's a several percent chance, but if you can get that to proc, especially at the same time as your Dragon Strike and like a DST, I feel like the damage [music] is going to be absolutely insane. I don't know if it's going to be worth it, but I will try it this week and [music] see how it feels. Even if that doesn't feel that great, pieces that you're always going to wear is the Destroyer Great Helm. I mean, look at the stats on this helm. 28 strength, 28 agility, 48 stamina, 30 defense, and 33 dodge. Like this helmet [music] is absolutely insane. I usually wear the veteran's pendant of triumph for my neck piece. If you need more hit, you could use the choker violent tent or the wargon necklace. They're both very good with the agi. The shoulders are not stated quite as well as the helm, especially if you are going to be dual wielding. They do have 29 defense, but shield block doesn't do a lot for you in terms of dual wielding. So, [music] I think if I don't like the four set here, one piece that I will be swapping out would be the shoulders, and I would be using the PvP gear for that instead, like the gladiators plate shoulders here. I think the chest piece is stated insanely well. I think that you would use these two pieces, the helm and the chest, no matter what gear set you're going to use. I would swap out the legs or PvP [music] legs so that you can get two set with the extra 35 resilience. These are a lot [music] more offensive stats on both the shoulders and the legs for PvP. Like I said, I'm going to see how the four set feels. And if it doesn't feel great, then these are the two pieces [music] that I will swap out. Main hand, dragon strike. The shield would be of course the Aldor shield. I don't have it. So, when I put a shield on, I'm using an impenetrable darkness, but most of these bosses you can get away with dual wielding. So, I use the fang of ash. So, like we talked about the the stats [music] on this dagger are absolutely insane. 21 expertise. And then you can get expertise through the shapeshifter signet, being exalted with the cenarion rep, and then expertise [music] through the belt of 100 deaths, which is an insane belt, and expertise through my groups of deafness and that puts me at the expertise cap. So, try to get these expertise pieces as fast as you can get. Obviously, [music] DST if you can get it, insane for the entire game. Uh Bloodlust Brooch is insane when you pop all your CDs for threat. I pretty much never take these trinkets off. I try to use trinkets and rings and [music] neck or threat pieces and then I'll swap depending on like this is my mitigation cloak here and I have different sets. So, I have like my frost set for tanking Hydros. Uh this is my dual wield set for when I'm dual wield tanking bosses and then I also have just a run-of-the-mill shield spec for tanking [music] trash and bosses and then I have a full-on mitigation set as well for tanking bosses like Hydrowalker and Fathom-Lord. Those are the two bosses that [music] you absolutely have to have a shield on for because they slap. Let me just run that right into which bosses that you can dual wield tank. [music] I have successfully dual wield tanked Hydros, the Lurker, Leotheras, and Lady Vashj. You can dual wield tank all of these bosses the entire time and they are [music] very simple and you can just crank threat and you're ready. It never has to worry about pulling threat off of you. I am consistently in the top five, usually in the world for prot warriors, and I am not even in a sweaty PvE guild. I'm in more of a casual guild. If you're in a guild on the sweatier side and you dual tank these bosses and follow the stat priority and the gearing [music] priority, you can easily pump rank one or high ranking 99 parses if you [music] are into that sort of thing. If you tank Fathom Lord, you can start off dual wielding and cleaving the ads, pop a sapper, thunderclap, go crazy. Once the two ads die, he gets a buff where he'll randomly do 25% more damage and 65% more damage, and he can have both of those proc at the same time. And when that happens, you definitely need to throw a shield on with a shield macro and be [music] ready to be popping your heal blocks and just mitigation to stay alive there. That's it for SSC. [music] So, you can dual wield for these bosses super easy. Throw some mitigation on for these two bosses, especially Morogrim. He is the [music] hardest hitting boss in the whole phase. You need to have a shield on the whole time, iron shield potions, keeping up elixir major agility and major defense as well as [music] the scroll protection and all debuffs on the boss. Mitigate as much damage as you can because he absolutely slaps. So, now we'll move into TK. And I have successfully dual wielded every single one of these bosses. Al'ar is the only boss that hits kind of hard. [music] Depending on your raid and your healers, he can crush you for 9 to 10k if you don't have a shield on. So, mitigate that with either an iron shield potion plus major agility, major defense, scroll protection. And honestly, he does hit hard, but it's not that big of a deal. Void Reaver is a joke. I have solo tanked this boss as a a dual-wielding prot warrior. You can pump [music] so much threat into this boss. Even if the threat knockback goes on you, it doesn't matter because you have such a high threat lead that no one can pull off you. It's a super fun fight to dual-wield. He doesn't hit very hard. Throw on a flask of relentless assault, pop your haste potions, and just go absolutely crazy. Salarian is the easiest boss in the game and will probably continue to be the easiest boss in the game. Just go absolutely crazy. You don't need any mitigation whatsoever other than to be uncrittable and just [music] absolutely smack her down. KT, I have dual-wielded this entire boss. I do recommend that you still pick up the shield so that you if you need to, you can throw it on. The on-use on the shield is very nice. Use the absorb. Absorbs 100,000 damage and will also get you out of fear if uh your priest forgets to fear ward you or you get a bad tremor or whatever when all the advisors are alive. It can be nice to get you out of the fear until the ads are dead. That being said, I think that's it, boys and girls. I just want to say, thanks everyone for watching and I hope this video sheds some information for you guys and helps you out and I hope to see some of you crankers at the uh top of the prot warrior leaderboards. So, peace.
