Resto shamans were considered an extremely valuable healer in vanilla. However, much of their appeal came from their raid utility spells rather than their healing output. But, things are different in Burning Crusade and resto shamans have become a different beast entirely. And I'm sure you've heard that already, but what else? What else makes shaman a compelling choice compared to the other three healers? That's what we'll explore in this video. We'll start off by looking at the spells that you'll be regularly using as a resto shaman. The first is chain heal. This iconic ability heals your initial target for a fairly large amount and then attempts to jump to two nearby injured targets. Each time chain heal jumps, the effectiveness of the heal is reduced by 50%. There are three requirements for chain heal to jump after it heals its initial target. There has to be at least one player who's a part of the initial chain heal target's group below 100% HP and within 15 yards of the initial chain heal target. But, what if there are multiple group members within 15 yards of the initial target and below 100% HP? Who does it go to? Well, chain heal is a smart heal, so it will always jump to the target with the lowest HP when given the choice. After that first jump, chain heal can jump a second time to heal a third target. The heal on the first jump target is reduced by 50% and the heal on the second jump target is reduced by 25%. I know that's a little confusing, so I put together an example. Suppose that player A, player B, and player C belong to the same group and are all within 15 yards of each other. Player A is missing 1,500 HP, player B is missing 1,000, and player C is missing 750. For the sake of this example, assume that your chain heal heals for an average of 2,000. In this scenario, you should cast chain heal on player A since they're missing the most HP and the initial hit is always 100% effective. If you've been following along so far, you'll know that chain heal will then jump from player A to player B. Since player B is missing more hit points than player C, chain heal heals player B for 1,000 and then jumps to player C. Player C is then healed for 500 and the chain ends there. It's important to note here that the initial heal and the subsequent jumps are all occurring simultaneously. I know that I'm making it seem like there's a delay between the heals, but that's just so you can visualize what's going on behind the scenes. There are a couple of smaller things that I wanted to mention before moving on. If there are no targets to jump to after the initial heal and the Shaman that casted it is below 100% HP, chain heal can actually jump back to the Shaman regardless of their proximity to the last link in the chain. Also, all heals in the chain have an independent chance to critically strike. So, if your chain heal hits three targets, there's a good chance that at least one of those hits will be a critical strike. And that's great for Shaman since they have a talent that causes their critical heals to leave a powerful armor buff on their target. We'll go into more detail about the technical stuff associated with chain heal in the last section. But first, despite what you may have heard, Shamans do in fact have other healing spells. Healing Wave is their big single target heal with a 2.5 second cast time thanks to improved healing wave. The throughput of this spell is greatly increased when you take advantage of healing way. This talent causes your successful healing waves to apply a buff to the target that increases the effect of subsequent healing waves by 6%. This effect can stack up to three times for a total of 18% increased effectiveness with healing wave. This makes healing wave a much more mana efficient spell when focusing a single target. Healing Wave can also function as an incredibly powerful emergency heal when paired with Nature's Swiftness. Nature's Swiftness is a 3-minute cooldown spell that makes your next nature cast an instant cast. It has no global cooldown, so you can macro these two abilities together to instantly top your target from critical condition, all with the press of a single button. By the way, if you want to see a holy paladin guide, I already have that done. You just have to subscribe. I I don't know how many subs I need for it to be released, but you have to subscribe first because that's what's that's what's going to have to happen. Moving on, we have lesser healing wave. This is the shaman's fast but inefficient casted heal. It starts off okay in the beginning of the expansion, but quickly declines as you get gear. That's because it has a relatively low healing coefficient compared to your other spells, which means it won't scale as well with bonus healing. That doesn't mean you shouldn't use this spell. Sometimes it's worth sacrificing throughput and efficiency for speed. For example, if your target only has 2,000 HP and they're about to be targeted by a mechanic that hits for 3,000, it's much safer to heal that target with lesser healing wave and then use an efficient heal after. You should also consider using this spell when the fight has either a random movement mechanic or an interrupt or a silence mechanic. Next up is Earth Shield. This is a new shield ability for the resto shaman in TBC, and unlike other shaman shields, it can be placed on another raid member. Earth Shield has six charges and provides the following benefits while it's active. First, the target has a 30% increased chance to ignore spell pushback. For those of you who don't know, spell pushback is the delay in spell casting that occurs when you receive an attack, and many casters have talents that passively reduce it, but there are a few who don't, and their DPS suffers immensely on fights that cause a lot of spell pushback. The most common specs that fall under this category are balance druids, elemental shamans, shadow priests, UA warlocks, and frost mages. So, Earth Shield is situationally very useful for them, but there's more to Earth Shield than passive spell pushback reduction. The second benefit is attacks made against the Earth Shield target will consume a charge of the shield, healing the target for a large amount. A very important concept to understand here is that when a charge of Earth Shield is consumed, the heal on the Earth Shielded target is attributed to them and not the Shaman who cast it Earth Shield. The reason why that's important is because the Earth Shielded target also assumes all threat associated with that healing. That makes this buff exceptional for putting on tanks. It provides them with both periodic healing and a ton of extra threat throughout the fight. One minor thing I wanted to mention about Earth Shield is that it can be snapshotted. That means that all six charges are calculated using the bonus healing the Shaman had when they originally casted the shield and not when the charges are actually consumed. That means you can pop a couple of bonus healing trinkets, drop Wrath of Air Totem, and cast Earth Shield on the tank, then swap to your regular gear all before the boss is actually pulled. And yeah, it is pretty sweaty, but the shield does last for a minimum of 20 to 30 seconds on a tank. And it's the little things like this that keep healing interesting. Now, this is a restoration guide, but I will mention some Shaman utility spells that you'll be making regular use of. The first one is Water Shield. This is also a new shield ability for TBC and it has three charges. While it's active, the shield provides a slightly ridiculous 50 MP5 and that's only part of what it does. The other part is a charge-based mechanic like Earth Shield, but it returns mana instead of health. So, whenever is hit by a ranged or melee attack, a charge of the shield is expended and the Shaman gains 204 mana. An important thing to note here is that Water Shield costs no mana. That means you can refresh Water Shield when you're outside of or trying to get outside of the five-second rule. The second non-healing spell that you'll be making regular use of is Earth Shock. Earth Shock has two components, a damage component and a spell interruption component. Only the damage component of Earth Shock scales with the spell's rank, and the spell interruption portion remains the same from rank one to max rank. This gives resto shamans access to the shortest cooldown range interrupt in the game for only 30 mana. You can expect to be using this spell regularly throughout your rating adventures, but I'll leave you with an example of one you'll encounter early on, the Moroes encounter from Karazhan. This boss starts with four adds. Each add has their own set of abilities that must be managed by the raid throughout the fight. Your duty as a resto shaman is to coordinate with other interrupters in the raid to ensure that the following casts never go off. That's mana burn from this chick, greater heal from this chick, and holy light from this chick. Tremor Totem is another invaluable asset that the restoration shaman brings to a raid group. While the totem is active, it periodically removes all fear, charm, and sleep effects on all party members within 30 yards. This ability is a game-changer on encounters like Nightbane. His bellowing roar ability fears all players within 35 yards for 4 seconds. Being feared in this fight is particularly bad because there are several mechanics that punish you for standing in certain locations. For example, there are various lava cross-sections around the boss called charred earth that deal heavy damage over time to players standing in them. There's also a frontal physical cleave and breath of fire, so Tremor Totem saves lives here. I saved my favorite spell for last, Grounding Totem. When the shaman drops this totem, the next single target spell casted on any of the shaman's nearby party members will be redirected to the totem, destroying the totem and negating the spell. The spell's function, combined with its absurdly low cooldown of 15 seconds, makes it borderline broken on some encounters. And there are certain fights that I'd argue would be nearly impossible without Grounding Totem. One example is Lady Vashj. In phases one and three of this encounter, Vashj will randomly cast Shock Blast on your main tank. Shock Blast deals approximately 9,500 damage and stuns the target for 5 seconds. Grounding Totem is the perfect counter to this ability. All the Shaman needs to do is make sure that they immediately drop a new Grounding Totem after the previous one is destroyed from absorbing Shock Blast. So, with Grounding Totem, we can completely bypass certain raid mechanics. Pretty strong if you ask me. This is the last section, healing assignments. Shamans are incredible raid healers, but that's not the only assignment that you'll get, at least early on. Tank and single target spot healing is a very common assignment in Karazhan since there aren't many mechanics that take advantage of Chain Heal. Luckily, the resto Shaman has excellent tools for tank healing and the rotation is easy to execute. Your first priority is to keep up Earth Shield on your assigned target at all times. This is usually one of the tanks, but as we discussed before, there are other viable targets in certain situations. Whenever physical damage is present, you should always maintain Ancestral Fortitude on your assigned tank. You should also aim to maintain three stacks of Healing Wave on your assigned tank at all times. A tip here is you can use rank one Healing Wave to fish for Ancestral Fortitude procs, as well as maintain Healing Wave stacks for a very low mana cost. As for healing spells, you'll primarily be using Healing Wave. Sometimes you'll use Lesser Healing Wave or Chain Heal when the situation calls for it, but Healing Wave is often the go-to heal. To really master the tank healing role, though, you need to know how to downrank your heals. You see, damage comes in all shapes and sizes, and if you only use your max rank spells, you'll end up with a ton of overhealing and wasted mana. That's why we downrank. For Healing Wave, we typically use a mixture of rank seven and rank eight to deal with moderate to slightly higher amounts of damage, but that's only if your target has three stacks of Healing Wave. If your target has no stacks of Healing Wave, the mana efficiency of Healing Wave rank seven and eight is only slightly better than lesser healing wave rank six and seven. So, you'll have to use your discretion there. You'll use your max rank healing wave when you need to heal huge amounts of sustained damage, which happens quite frequently as a tank healer. This assignment is typically short-lived and you should only expect to get it in phase one. After that, you're pretty much only raid healing for the rest of the expansion, but that doesn't mean you won't be healing tanks anymore. Far from it, actually. Remember that chain heal is a smart heal and since tank are almost always 100% HP, you'll be healing them frequently, whether you like it or not. They're often the best target to cast chain heal on since the initial heal is less likely to overheal them compared to other targets. And they're usually grouped up with melee and melee tend to take a lot of splash damage. Now that we've transitioned to raid healing and spamming chain heal, we need to learn how to down rank chain heal. The most commonly used down rank is chain heal rank four. That's because rank four narrowly escapes the threshold for the down rank penalty, which means that it still benefits from all of your bonus healing gear and it costs 20% less mana than chain heal rank five. Chain heal rank five does have slightly higher HPS than rank four, so consider using it when raw throughput takes priority over efficiency. And just like with healing wave, you can macro nature's swiftness to chain heal rank five for a huge emergency AoE burst heal. Down ranking beyond rank four is viable, but due to the down ranking penalty on those lower ranks, it really depends on what gear you have and as a result, I can't make a solid recommendation. I did make a detailed spreadsheet with the math and rationale I use for my down ranking, so feel free to check that out in the description below. Okay, guys, that is all the time I have for this video. I will see you in the next one. Peace.
